---
layout: main
title: Newsletter April 2010
categories: [newsletter]
---

<pre>

Important Dates and Reminders

1. The SPRING YARD WASTE PICKUP will be held on Monday, May 3rd (and
Tuesday, May 4th if needed). This is a service provided by LFHA in
conjunction with the Champaign County Road District. Please have all
yard waste in paper bags or tied in 3'- 4' bundles and placed at the
curb by 7:00 a.m. Monday morning. Yard waste includes grass
clippings, leaves, twigs, small branches, dead plants, or other
organic matter from your yard. Anything other than yard waste will
not be picked up.

2. Our Township Road Commissioner, Keith Padgett, also said that
homeowners can take dry, burnable yard waste materials to the
Township Highway Dept, which is located near the Township Hall at
the end of Kearns Road off Staley Road, between the hours of 7:00
a.m. and 3:30 p.m., Monday through Friday. There is no dumping fee.

3. The two fall waste pickups were very successful, and the LFHA
board, on behalf of the association members, would like to thank
Keith and the crews for their good work. We also appreciate that
they have been working on keeping drains clear of debris through the
winter so that water from rain and melting snow can run off
properly.

4. The ANNUAL MEETING of the LFHA will be held on Tuesday, May 18th
2010, at 7:00 p.m. at Lincolnshire Fields Country Club in the Garden
Room. If you attend the meeting in person you can cast your vote
directly. If you don't plan to attend, it is important that you mail
your proxy to either Bob Todd at 3326 Stoneybrook Drive, Champaign,
IL 61822, or Scott Anderson at 4010 Clubhouse Drive, Champaign, IL
61822, or give it to someone who is planning to attend the meeting.
We urge all homeowners to attend the meeting to learn more about our
association.

5. Safety issues: A.) Please remember that the covenants require
that each home must have a working yard light. Replace burned out
bulbs in a timely manner, which is easier now that it is getting
warmer. Also, all cars and trucks are to be parked in your garage or
driveway, not on the street. Campers, boats, and other larger
vehicles should not be parked on your driveway or on adjacent grass. 
    B.) We are very happy to see that many of our residents use our
sidewalks to get their exercise. As a courtesy to our pedestrians,
please trim back shrubs, trees, or plantings from your yard that
would impede their progress. 
    C.) Dog owners are reminded to please pick up after their dogs
when you walk them. Let's all be good neighbors and follow the
covenants of our association. Thank you.

6. For Your Planning: Watch for a letter in September, 2010, which
will be your notification that LFHA will be collecting the $25.00
association fees. Please respond promptly according to the
directions given by our treasurer, Ann Webbink, at that time. If you
are late in paying the fees, you will be assessed an additional
$10.00 late fee. If you do not pay the fees at all, you are subject
to having a lien placed against your property. We certainly do not
want to have to do thatâ€”but we have done that a few times in the
past when it was necessary.

7. Related item: Refinancing? Remember that if you refinance the
mortgage on your home, you will have to have a letter for the
closing from our LFHA Treasurer, Ann Webbink, indicating that you
have paid your association fees. Please do not wait until the last
minute to ask for this. You should contact the treasurer well in
advance so that she can research your record and produce the letter.

8. LFHA Board news: Board members, on behalf of the LFHA membership,
would like to extend thanks to several people. Our current
secretary, Jennace Linton, has agreed to another three-year term on
the board. Two members will be ending their terms: Jerry Benson and
Kathy Barton. Jerry has served on the Board for six years, three of
those as president, and he has worked on many important projects
which have improved our neighborhoods. Kathy was responsible for the
spring and fall newsletters. A slate of two new board members will
be proposed and voted on at the annual meeting in May: Jeff Hays and
John Ison. Jeff Hays and his wife, Sandy, have lived on Byrnebruk
Drive since 1979. He is an attorney and partner at Erwin, Martinkus
& Cole, and he practices in immigration, business, and real estate
matters. John Ison and his family moved to Lincolnshire Fields in
early2006 after living in Urbana for many years. He is a librarian
by profession and is currently the Director of Industry Relations
for DEMCO, Inc., which provides planning, furnishings, and supplies
to libraries throughout the U.S.  He is interested in being on the
Board "to help ensure that Lincolnshire Fields continues to be one
of the really special residential developments in the area." If you
are interested in serving on the Board in the future, please contact
one of the Board members. We have only four Board meetings per year,
one of which follows the annual meeting in May.  It's a great way to
get involved.

</pre>
