The Lincolnshire Fields Homeowners Association (LFHA) was
incorporated on January 26, 1967 as a 501(c)4 Social Welfare
Organization to promote the health, safety, and welfare of the
residents within the subdivision.  Its membership is comprised of
the owners of the some 451 residences in the Lincolnshire Fields
Subdivision located in Champaign County, Illinois.

Incorporators were Robert Shapland, John C. (Jack) O'Byrne, and
Michael O'Byrne.  The members of the first Board of Directors were
Robert Shapland, Jack O'Byrne, and Louis Brandt.  When by-laws were
adopted on May 31, 1967, the board was increased to six members.
When the by-laws were revised for the first time on April 30, 2005,
the all-voluteer board was increased to a number not less than seven
with each member to serve a term of three years.

As of April 1, 2006, the Lincolnshire Fields Homeowners Association
consisted of 12 subdivisions including 403 single-family homes, 42
condominiums, and 2 common areas; all are more fully described in
Exhibits I and II of the by-laws.  All of these properties are
within an area of approximately one square mile located west of the
City of Champaign and bounded roughly by Windsor Road on the south,
Kirby Avenue on the north, Ducan Road on the east, and Staley Road
on the west.

A roster of residents required by covenant to become members of LFHA
when they have purchased property within the defined boundaries of
Lincolnshire Fields and have agreed to be subject to the levy of
assessments not to exceed twenty-five dollars ($25.00) per year is
maintained by the Board Secretary.  The Association is notified of
home or condominium purchases and sales by attorneys, bankers, or
realtors who request assessment status letters prior to closing.
Periodically, a listing of home owners and addresses is obtained
from the Champaign County Recorder's Office in order to revise the
existing LFHA list.

The LFHA provides electric pole lighting through the local power
company at ten of the subdivision entrances; the most recent one was
placed at Eagle Ridge Road and Windsor Road on August 7, 2003.  Free
yard waste pickups have been provided twice each year since 1999.  A
Lincolnshire Fields Homeowners Association Newsletter is published
twice a year via this Internet site; each Newsletter is mailed to
those members who explicitly request that it be mailed.

Assessments have been levied by the board every two or three years
only as required to meet operating expenses.  Unpaid assessments are
followed up by collection letters or phone calls until all are paid.

When covenant violations are referred to the LFHA Board, letters are
written to violators and follow-ups made until remedial action is
acheived.  Insurance policies in force include Directors and
Officers coverage (for errors and omissions) and a comprehensive
general liability policy covering the two common areas.

Originally, there was an Architectural Control Committee for each of
the twelve subdivisions.  As of May 23, 2001, the twelve
Architectural Control Committees were merged into a single committee
consisting of three members with responsibility for review and
approval of submitted proposals for additions or modifications of
property to include sheds, pools, fences, etc.  This function of the
Architectural Control Committee maintains the integrity of the
neighborhood and the value of the several properties.
