<span id="lblMinutes" style="display:inline-block;"><font color="Black" face="Arial,Tahoma" size="2"><br /><br />Minutes of the LFHA Board Meeting Feb. 19, 2009 <br /><br />Call to Order:  Call to order was given at 7:15 P.M. Members Present:  Bob Todd, Ann Webbink, Kathy Barton, Jeanne Martin, and Jennace Linton. Members Absent:  Jerry Bensen and Bob FrederickApproval of Minutes:  The minutes of the Nov. 2008 meeting were approved.<br /><br />President&#39;s Report:There were 232 stops for the Fall waste picked up @$5 a stop.<br /><br />There was ice damage to a large tree on the NE commons and it had to be removed at a cost of $1200. A question that the president might propose to the county if we have another ice storm in future years would be to ask if homeowners put limbs and branches from damaged trees on their property by the curb, will the county then take them away?<br /><br />Bob brought up items he would like to see in the Spring Newsletter:Remind residents that there is no parking on the street overnight.Workable yard lights are required.No campers are allowed in drivewaysA copy of the treasurer&#39;s report should go in the newsletterNotification of the annual meeting on May 19th and a proxy form in the newsletter<br /><br />Bob indicated that Steve Johnson said that he would be willing to look at the Bylaws and write a proposal that would consider a quorum reduction for the annual meeting since in past years it has been difficult to reach a quorum.<br /><br />Bob reported that the SW MTD group meets the 2nd week of every month and to call Jerry Benson for details or Ann Suchoff, chairperson.<br /><br />Bob indicated that he received a call asking why we do not require in the LFHA covenants to have people shovel their walks in the wintertime. We agreed that it would not be enforceable and how would we police it?  <br /><br />Treasurer&#39;s ReportAnn passed out the current report. The association still has adequate amount of money even though dues were not collected last year however they should be collected this year. A letter will be sent in September and dues collected in Oct. If unpaid, a lien will be placed on the property. Two liens were placed last year. Since there have been a greater number of refinances this year, Ann has had to supply letters when requested stating that the dues are paid in full. This has been somewhat of problems as many seem to need a �rush� and this has proven rather inconvenient.<br /><br />Ann brought up the street light transfer. Ann believes that the charges have not changed so she is wondering if things are really straightened out. The 3 lights belong to the city. They are at Kirby/Coblefield; Duncan/Stoneybrook; and Windsor/Fields South. The one at Windsor and Eagle Ridge is ours. The bills are hard to decipher and since the amount has not changed after being told it was taken care of, it seems like there still is a problem. Bob will call Ameren and see what he can find out.<br /><br />Old BusinessCovenants are now on the web site<br /><br />Since Bob Frederick&#39;s term has expired and he is no longer going to serve on the board after May, a replacement needs to be found. We would like to have an attorney on the board, if possible. Jerry Gorman and Carl Webber were given as possible people to ask. Jeanne and Kathy will make some contacts.  <br /><br />Bob Frederick was given the task at the November 08 board meeting to put together a proposal to grandfather in existing structures and planting on the SE Commons. Since he was unable to attend this meeting, he gave copies of the proposals to Bob Todd for the board to discuss. The board looked over the proposals and reworked them and came to an agreement on the content. It was suggested that these revisions be sent to Bob Frederick to look over and turn into a more legal looking document.  The following proposals were re-worked and agreed upon at the February meeting:<br /><br />SOUTHEAST COMMONS PROPOSALS THAT WERE AGREED UPON AT THE  FEB. 09 BOARD MEETING1.    Fires, fire pits and burning are banned from the commons.<br /><br />2.    All non-permanent encroachments (flowers, bushes, gardens, etc) can remain.<br /><br />3.    The more permanent structures (trees, fences around pools) currently encroaching on the commons will be allowed to remain so long as those homeowners repair, replace and/ or maintain said structures and the homeowners around the commons shall keep up the commons (mowing, clean up, pruning).<br /><br />4.    All future encroachments shall be banned from the commons.<br /><br />5.    Vehicular traffic on the commons shall be banned from the commons without approval of the LFHA Board.<br /><br />New BusinessSpring Yard Pick up will be May 4th. May 5th is the back up date.<br /><br />Newsletter will come out in April. Items to be included were discussed in President&#39;s report. Kathy will be doing the newsletter.<br /><br />Still receiving complaints about the entrance sign. Bob will talk to the owners and see if we can put in general hardy plants that need little to no care and get it cleaned up.<br /><br />Miscellaneous BusinessSomeone contacted a board member complaining about the late mail postal delivery. It is late in the rural routes, however there is nothing that the board can do about the US Postal Service.<br /><br />Next Board MeetingAnnual meeting will be on May 19, 2009 at the Lincolnshire Fields County Club. The annual meeting will begin at 7:00 P.M. and the LFHA May board meeting will follow the Annual meeting. Jeanne will make reservations.          Adjournment:  The meeting was adjourned at 8:20 P.M.<br /><br /></font></span>