<span id="lblMinutes" style="display:inline-block;"><font color="Black" face="Arial,Tahoma" size="2">LINCOLNSHIRE FIELDS HOMEOWNERS ASSOCIATIONMINUTES OF THE ANNUAL MEETING, MAY 19, 2009<br /><br />The annual meeting of the Lincolnshire Fields Homeowners Association (LFHA) was held at Lincolnshire Fields Country Club, 2000 Byrnebruk, Champaign, IL on May 19, 2009 at 7:00 P.M.<br /><br />Board Members Present: Bob Todd, Greg Thom, Jeanne Martin, Kathy Barton, Ann Webbink, Robert Frederick, Jennace Linton<br /><br />Board Members Absent: none<br /><br />Call to Order: President Bob Todd called the meeting to order at 7:00 P.M.  Bob asked if we had a quorum, which we did with the 109 proxy votes and 34 attendees. <br /><br />Approval of the May 20, 2008 Annual meeting minutes: Copies of the minutes were distributed to the attendees before the meeting started.  A motion was made and passed to accept the minutes.<br /><br />Presidents Report:	Bob Todd reported that the Fall and Spring clean up went well. Bob introduced the new Township Road Commissioner, Keith Padgett.  Keith assumed the position last September when Dave McGath retired. Keith reported on a few things affecting the LFHA. He indicated that the Marathon which had a course run through Lincolnshire Fields on April 11th went smoothly. He anticipated a great deal of garbage and left over water bottles but was pleasantly surprised to find very little litter and the palates of water had been removed quickly. Asphalt work is being done on Club House Drive, Byrnebruk, Valleybrook and Meadowbrook. On Farmington and Woodfield, some concrete work is being done. He too mentioned the fall and spring pick ups. More was put out this year than in previous years. Wet bags of debris are a problem as they need to be hauled to a different location other than the township burn area. He asked us to spread the word that wet material is a problem and more costly to remove. There was a question from the floor that indicated some wet material may be a result of having to “hold” the leaves for such a long period of time since they begin to fall in Oct but not done until late November usually. The possibility of 2 pickups was suggested. Keith said that he could accommodate that if the association could afford the extra pick up. The board will look at the budget and consider an October as well as November pickup. Keith also mentioned that homeowners may bring their BURNABLES to the Township Highway Department dump site, which is located near the Township Hall at the end of Kearns Road off Staley between the hours of 7 A.M.-3:30 P.M. Monday through Friday. There is no dumping fee. A question was asked as to whose responsibility it was to mow the grass in the ditch area across from the fire station of Fields South between Farmington and Staley. Keith will look into it and see who is responsible. Keith also indicated that many new signs were being replaced throughout Lincolnshire Fields. <br /><br />Treasurer’s Report:	Ann Webbink presented the report for the last fiscal year.  She noted that although dues were not collected last year, the association should charge the assessment fee this fiscal year. She explained that if the assessment is not paid, a lien on the property will be filed.  Ann indicated that the Ameren bill still might be higher than it should be since some lights that the city should be paying still seem to be on the association’s bill.  This still needs to be rectified. She also indicated that this report shows that the room rent for the annual 08 board meeting was paid in 09.  A motion was made and passed to accept the treasurer’s report. <br /><br />Old Business:	Commons: Bob Fredericks explained the Commons situation. There are two commons-the SE and NE. On the NE commons, encroachments have been cured. On the SE Commons, there are still some encroachments that have existed for a long time from very old trees to fences and flowerbeds. The board has been working with the issue and has agreed to make a proposal that will grandfather in existing encroachments. <br /><br />	Website-covenants: Lincolnshire Fields Homeowners Association has a web site where the minutes and board members names and contact information is available.  They had hoped to have all the covenants on the web but it was a big job which has not been completed. Volunteer help is being recruited but if we don’t get help, then the association might have to pay to get this task completed. <br /><br />New Business:	Bylaw changes: Since 1/5 of the membership is currently required to meet the requirements of a quorum (approximately 90) and it is often difficult to obtain a quorum year after year at the annual meeting, Steve Johnson proposed that we should reduce the quorum requirement from 1/5th to 1/10th of the membership. He explained that the 1/10th  requirement is not out of line with other organizations of our size and nature. Steve presented the board with a formal written bylaw proposal. Bob Frederick seconded the proposal. It passed with a show of hands. No objections. *The bylaw statement is attached in a separate document. <br /><br />Election of New Board Members:	Bob Frederick and Ann Webbink’s three year terms have now expired. Bob would like to take a break from the board while he enjoys retirement. Bob was thanked for his years of service. Ann Webbink would like to be re-appointed for another 3 years. Scott Anderson has agreed to accept a position on the board. He has been a resident of Lincolnshire Fields for over 20 years. No other nominations being made, a motion was made to accept the re-appointment of Ann Webbink and nominate Scott Anderson as new members of the Board for a 3 year term, each. Motion carried. It was seconded and passed.  <br /><br /><br /><br />Miscellaneous Business:	Sign: The board has been working on beautifying the area around the entrance sign to the subdivision (on Cobblestone). They have agreed that it needs to be maintained; however at this time, it is on private property. Bob Todd is trying to get a release to allow us to maintain the sign but it does not look like it is forthcoming. The Board is now trying to see if we can get volunteers to fix up the area rather than trying to get a release and have it landscaped. The homeowner has been contacted but does not return Bob’s phone calls.   <br /><br />	Concerns: Bob reported that he called a homeowner and asked if the blue tarp being used it to cover up construction materials could be removed. Currently it is still there and since it is not in violation of any covenants all Bob can do is make a request to have it removed. It was expressed at the meeting that a different house has large ladders hanging on the side of the house that are visible to several home owners across the course from the residence. Bob will talk to that family and see if they are willing to rectify the situation. <br /><br />	Solicitation: It was noted that several people think the solicitation as well as more pressure to purchase has increased in the area. Someone from the audience stated that when faced with a solicitator, you should ask if they are registered with the county Sheriff and do they have a permit. <br /><br />	Annual meeting notice: It was suggested that perhaps next year, we should post signs around the subdivision about the annual meeting as some other associations have done. <br /><br />	Sump pumps: Keith brought up the fact that between 10-12 homeowners have sump pumps improperly hooked up to drain into the street. There is nothing in the covenants about sump pumps. The expense to change these over is about $14,000 in some cases. Keith says that he is looking at what can be done and how the township might share in the expenses to eventually rectify an old problem that has existed since many of these homes were originally built. <br /><br />Adjournment:	The annual meeting was adjourned at 8:00 P.M.	<br /><br /><br /><br />						Respectfully submitted,						Jennace Linton, Secretary<br /><br /><br /><br /></font></span>