Monday, November 27, 2006 will be the day of the FALL YARD WASTE
PICKUP. Yard waste must be in paper bags and placed near the street
by 7:00 am. Tree limbs must be cut into 3-4 foot lengths and tied in
bundles. Trucks will not take anything in a plastic bags or anything
they suspect is not yard waste. This is a service provided by the
LFHA in conjunction with the Champaign Township Road District.

Important Reminders

1. If you have not yet paid your $25.00 homeowner assessment, you
are delinquent. In the past, we have been VERY lenient with
delinquent homeowners, but because of the cost of postage and the
tremendous time it takes to "remind" delinquent homeowners, we will
no longer send out more than two reminder letters. If dues remain
unpaid, your home will accrue late fees. When the day comes to sell
your home, you will find that a sale cannot go through until all
delinquent assessments and late fees are paid. Please pay our VERY
low homeowner fee ASAP! Send your check to the treasurer.

2. Be sure to check your yard lights to see that they are in working
order. Now is a good time to buy extra bulbs so that you have them
on hand when they burn out. It is especially important to have your
light(s) in working order during the dark months of winter!

3. While you are raking leaves and getting your yard ready for
winter, please check your trees and trim those that impede walkers
along the front of your yard. Let's make our neighborhood pedestrian
friendly by keeping our trees trimmed and away from the faces of
walkers.

4. This is a reminder to file away for when you want to sell your
house. It is very important that you alert your realtor, as soon as
your home sells, to start the process of obtaining a letter from our
treasurer stating that your homeowner assessments are paid in full.
If you wait until the day before the closing to request the letter,
it is likely that you won't have the letter in time. This situation
could possibly hold up the sale of your home.

5. There have been several complaints about dog "droppings" in front
yards of people who don't own a dog. Dog owners have a
responsibility to carry a handy plastic bag to retrieve their
canine's "business." Thank you for being your neighbor's best friend
as well as your dog's!

6. And finally, as long as man's best friend has been mentioned, we
have been asked to remind ALL dog owners that barking, yipping,
whining, noisy dogs that persist in their vocalization all day
and/ornight is really a major annoyance to those living near the
noise. Please respect your neighbors' rights to the "Sounds of
Silence."

7. Please contact anyone of the three architectural committee
members if you plan structural changes to your home or yard.
Homeowners must abide by architectural covenants and changes must be
approved by the committee. Committee members: Dan Hallbeck
(353-3315), Rick Schimmel (356-7543), and Jim Faron (359-1079).


TREASURER'S REPORT.

Beginning Balance 4-3-06---------$7,743.05
Income: ----------------------------54.42 

Expenses:
  Insurance--------------512.00
  Ameren IP--------------548.64
  Yard Waste Pickup------492.00
  Printing & Mailing------79.53
  Drainage-------- ------250.00
  Filing Fees-------------30.00
  Meeting Room Rent-------50.00
  Entrance Sign Cleanup--100.00
Total Expenses---------------2,062.17

Ending Balance 8-5-06------------$5,73530

