In an effort to make the collection of annual assessments more
efficient, we are providing some basic information about dates,
procedures and consequences in this newsletter. In general, most
homeowners (about 80%) pay their assessments on time. After a second
reminder letter is sent out, we total about 90-95% payment. It is
with the last 5% of delinquent homeowners who do not pay on time
that creates headaches for our treasurer. We wish to compliment and
praise those of you who pay on time--------thank you for doing that.
Since our assessment is low and since we are now paying that
assessment on an annual basis, we'd like to make clear to all
homeowners the time line for payment and the consequences of paying
late (or not at all!).  Please remember that your LFHA officers are
volunteers!!!

1. Sometime in September you will receive a first class letter
notifying you that homeowner assessments are due by October 31st.
PLEASE mark October on your calendar NOW as a reminder to pay
assessments in that month! When the letter arrives, write the check
as soon as you can and send it to the treasurer. Several people have
told us that they simply forget to pay!!!

2. If your assessment has not been received by Oct. 31st a second
reminder letter will be sent to you. After the Oct. 31st date, a $10
late fee will be assessed, so paying late will cost you $35 rather
than $25.

3. If your payment has not been received by Dec. 31 st you will
receive a certified letter the first week of January. You will then
have two weeks to pay your assessment. If payment is not received by
the end of that two week period, a lien will be filed on your
property and in order to clear the lien, you will have to pay not
on1y the $35 homeowner's assessment, but also the cost of the lien
and 1ega1 fees. Please note that phone calls will no longer be made
to "pester" you to pay your assessment.

And one more plea to help with the collection of the annua1
assessments. If and when you sell your house, it is VERY important
that your realtor call the Homeowner's Association treasurer with
the name of the new homeowner. Most realtors know to do this, but a
reminder to them on your part is a sure way to make sure it gets
done. If you sell your home without a realtor, PLEASE have your
attorney call the treasurer or call him/her yourself to let the
association know who the new homeowners are. We must have up-to-date
information in order to send assessment notices to the correct
homeowner!

Several homeowners have asked how their assessment dollars are spent
and how our assessment compares to assessments in neighboring
subdivisions. We are providing some answers to those questions in
the following charts.

LFHA Expenditures for Calendar Year 2006:

Ameren IP-------------------------$1,645.92 (This is sure to go up!)
Insurance-------------------------$1,612.00
Income Tax -----------------------$57.00
Postage, Mailing, Copying---------$964.58
Legal Fees------------------------$367.50
Room Rental (Annual Meeting)------$50.00
Drainage Fees---------------------$250.00
Yard Waste Pickup-----------------$l,197.00
Filing Fees-----------------------$280.00
Miscellaneous---------------------$1,180.00 (Tree removal in
commons, rabid skunk and CSWMTD)

TOTAL-----------------------------$7,604.00

HOMEOWNER ASSESSMENTS IN NEIGHBORING SUBDIVISIONS

Turnbury Ridge -------------$120 annually
Glenshire-------------------$ 50 annually
Trails ofBrittany-----------$200 annually
Cherry Hills----------------$ 50 annually
Robeson Meadows-------------$200 annually
Robeson West ---------------$150 annually
Ironwood--------------------$100 annually



Election Day is April 17 !!!


THIS ELECTION IS IMPORTANT TO ALL OF US.

In March of 2006, the residents of Lincolnshire Fields who live west
if I-57 and five other sub-divisions voted to establish the
Champaign Southwest Mass Transit District (CSWMTD) by more than a
four to one majority. Prior to the referendum passing and, just two
days after Judge Chase Leonard had ordered the referendum to be
placed on the ballot, the CUMTD "annexed" all of these areas into
its territory. Those residents living west of I-57 will receive a
tax bill payable this year to the CUMTD that will cost the
homeowners approximately $260 per $100,000 of the assessed value of
their homes.

There are many reasons why the residents of our area voted so
overwhelmingly in favor of establishing our Transit District. We
need the CSWMTD to be able to join the lawsuit against the CUMTD and
EVICT them from our area. The CSWMTD has absolutely no funds. To
fight the CUMTD, our CSWMTD needs money for legal fees. The CSWMTD
Board has managed to have a Referendum placed on the April ballot
that, if we approve it, will place a tax on our properties that is
less than one tenth that of last year's CUMTD tax rate. This tax
will cost us $ 17.34 per $100,000 of our home's assessed value. If
we do not approve the Referendum, the CSWMTD will not be able to
evict the unwanted CUMTD and the CUMTD'S ever increasing tax will
continue forever.



GET OUT AND VOTE "YES" ON THE CSWMTD TAX REFERENDUM ON APRIL 17 !!!



We will have two new board members installed at our annual meeting
in May to replace Kassie Nudo and Dominic Skaperdas. They have both
served on the Homeowner's Board for 6 and 9 years respectively. They
have been extremely active members of the board, and we appreciate
their volunteer service very much. We thank them for their combined
15 years of service. Their dedication and excellence will be sorely
missed.


DATES TO CIRCLE ON YOUR CALENDERS:

1. The LFHA annual meeting will be held on Tuesday, May 15th in the
Garden Room at Lincolnshire Fields Country Club. Please plan to
attend so that you can ask questions and/or express concerns. If you
cannot attend, please sign the attached proxy and either send it to
Dominic Skaperdas, our secretary, or give it to someone who plans to
attend the annual meeting.

2. The annual SPRING YARD WASTE PICKUP will be on Monday, May 7th.
All yard waste (and ONLY yard waste) must be in paper yard bags or
tied in 3'-4' bundles and placed near the curb by 7:00 AM on Monday.
(Tuesday, May 8th is the make-up day in case they don't complete the
task on Monday.) This is a service provided by the LFHA in
conjunction with the Champaign Township Road District.


TRASH ALERT!

And lastly, please help keep our neighborhood clean of trash. There
are ALWAYS bottles, cans, and other garbage in ditches and roadways
of our subdivision. I am sure that most of this trash gets dumped by
those who don't live in our neighborhood, but it won't go away by
itself! When you're walking in our area, please carry a plastic bag
with you and pick up trash that has blown or been dumped in our
yards, streets and ditches. A neighbor and I picked up 8 plastic
bags full of aluminum cans, plastic bottles, cigarette packages, and
sundry other items in just one short hour as we walked along Staley
Road and Kirby. We hope you'll all help us keep our area clean and
green!



__________________________________________________________________________________________

PROXY

I hereby assign to my proxy to vote on my behalf on any item to come
before the Annual Meeting of the Lincolnshire Fields Homeowner's
Association to be held at 7:00 PM on Tuesday, May 15, 2007 at the
Lincolnshire Fields Country Club.

Signed ____________________________________________

Print last name ___________________________________________

Address
_________________________________________________________________________________

If you cannot attend the annual meeting, please mail proxies to: D.
Skaperdas, Secretary LFHA, 2209 Valleybrook Drive, Champaign, IL
61822 or give it to someone who is planning to attend the meeting to
bring with them.

__________________________________________________________________________________________
