mportant Dates and Reminders

1. The SPRING YARD WASTE PICKUP will be held on Monday, May 4th (and
Tuesday, May 5th if needed). This is a service provided by LFHA in
conjunction with the Champaign County Road District. Please have all
yard waste in paper bags or tied in 3'-4' bundles and placed at the
curb by 7:00 a.m. Monday morning. Yard waste includes grass
clippings, leaves, twigs, small branches, dead plants, or other
organic matter from your yard. Anything other than yard waste will
not be picked up.

2. The ANNUAL MEETING of the LFHA will be held on Tuesday, May 19,
2009 at 7:00 p.m. at Lincolnshire Fields Country Club in the Garden
Room. Please remember to bring your proxies with you if you plan to
attend. If you don't plan to attend, it is important that you mail
your proxy to either Bob Todd at 3326 Stoneybrook Drive, Champaign,
IL 61822, or Kathy Barton at 1903 Byrnebruk Drive, Champaign,IL
61822, or give it to someone who is planning to attend the meeting.
We urge all homeowners to attend the meeting to learn more about our
association.

3. SWC-MTD UPDATE: Our case against the CU-MTD is awaiting a ruling
from Judge Chase Leonard, perhaps in mid-May. If you are interested
in attending the SWC-MTD trustees' meetings to find out more about
what is happening, the SWC-MTD Board meets the second Thursday of
each month in Room 400 at the Windsor Road Christian Church, 2501 W.
Windsor Rd., Champaign, 61822 at 7:00 p.m.   (Note: In May, the
SWC-MTD Board will be meeting after the ruling, hence the third
Thursday, to discuss what will go forward. No transportation will
take place until we learn if we are a viable entity or not.) Mr. Ted
Vaughn is the Chairman of the Board, and he says the public is
welcome at meetings.

4. Safety issues: A.) Please remember that the covenants require
that each home must have a working yard light. Replace burned out
bulbs in a timely manner, which is easier now that it is getting
warmer. Also, all cars and trucks are to be parked in your garage,
not on the street. Campers, boats, and other larger vehicles should
not be parked on your driveway.
  B.) We are very happy to see that many of our residents use our
sidewalks to get their exercise.  As a courtesy to our pedestrians,
please trim back shrubs, trees, or plantings from your yard that
would impede their progress.
  C.) Dog owners are reminded to walk dogs on leashes, and please
pick up after them. Let's all be good neighbors and follow the
covenants of our association. Thank you.

5. For Your Planning: Watch for a letter in September, 2009, which
will be your notification that LFHA will again be collecting the
$25.00 association fees. (Remember you had a nice break this past
year.) Please respond promptly according to the directions given by
our treasurer, Ann Webbink, at that time. If you do not pay the
fees, you are subject to having a lien placed against your property;
we certainly do not want to have to do thatï¿½but we have done that a
few times in the past when it was necessary.

6. Related Item: Refinancing? Remember that if you refinance the
mortgage on your home, you will have to have a letter for the
closing from our LFHA Treasurer, Ann Webbink, indicating that you
have paid your association fees. Please do not wait until the last
minute to ask for this. You should contact the treasurer well in
advance so that she can research your record and produce the letter.

7. LFHA Board news: On behalf of the members of the LFHA, we would
like to thank Mr. Bob Frederick for serving on the Board and
bringing his congenial manner, legal expertise, and good common
sense to many issues and questions. Bob has finished his term on the
Board and will be leaving in May. A candidate has stepped forward,
Scott Anderson, who will be voted on at the annual meeting. We are
happy to report that Ann Webbink will continue as Treasurer. If you
are interested in serving on the Board in the future, please contact
one of the Board members. We have only four Board meetings per year,
one of which follows the annual meeting in May. It's a great way to
get involved.


An up to date list of Board Members and the contact information for
each is available by choosing LFHA Board from the Menu to the upper
left of this page.
