mportant Dates and Reminders

1. NEW THIS FALL: TWO (2) FALL YARD WASTE PICKUPS will be held on
Monday, October 26,2009 (and Tuesday, October 27, if needed), AND
Monday, November 23, 2009 (and Tuesday, November 24, if needed.)
LFHA members at the Annual Meeting in May requested that we have two
fall pickups and one pickup in the spring. This is a service
provided by LFHA in conjunction with the Champaign County Road
District. Please have all yard waste in paper bags or tied in 3'-4'
bundles and placed at the curb by 7:00 a.m. Monday morning. Yard
waste (preferably dry, burnable materials) includes grass clippings,
leaves, twigs, small branches, dead plants, or other organic matter
from your yard. Anything other than yard waste will not be picked
up.

2. Our Township Road Commissioner, Keith Padgett, also said that
homeowners can take dry, burnable yard waste materials to the
Township Highway Dept., which is located near the Township Hall at
the end of Kearns Road off Staley Road, between the hours of 7:00
a.m. and 3:30 p.m., Monday through Friday. There is no dumping fee.

3. SWC-MTD UPDATE. Judge Chase Leonard has made a partial decision
in the case involving the bus issue, ruling in part for C-U MTD and
in part for SYVC-MTD. A final decision has yet to be made, so the
case is in temporary limbo.

4. Safety Tssues: A.) Please remember that the covenants require
that each home must have a working yard light. Replace burned out
bulbs in a timely manner, which adds to the overall security of our
neighborhoods. Please be aware that there have been burglaries in
the past. Be watchful and take precautions to secure your home.
Also, all cars and trucks are to be parked in your garage, not on
the street. Campers, boats, and other larger vehicles should not be
parked on your driveway.

  B.) We are very happy to see that many of our residents use our
sidewalks to get their exercise. As a courtesy to our pedestrians,
please trim back shrubs, trees, or plantings from your yard that
would impede their progress. Also, please remove limbs or branches
which fall on the sidewalks from storms.

  C.) Dog owners are reminded to walk dogs on leashes, and please
pick up after them. Let's all be good neighbors and follow the
covenants of our association. Thank you.

5. For Your Planning: Watch for a letter October 1, 2009, which will
be your official notification that LFHA will again be collecting the
$25.00 association fees. The payment will be due by November 15,
2009. Please respond promptly according to the directions given by
our treasurer, Ann Webbink, in that letter. If you do not pay the
fees, you are subject to having a lien placed against your property;
we certainly do not want to have to do thatï¿½but we have done that a
few times in the past when it was necessary.

6. Related Item: Refinancing? Remember that if you refinance the
mortgage on your home, you will have to have a letter for the
closing from our LFHA Treasurer, Ann Webbink, indicating that you
have paid your association fees. Please do not wait until the last
minute to ask for this. You should contact the treasurer well in
advance so that she can research your record and produce the letter.

7. Possible LFHA Social Event. Would you be interested in serving on
a committee to investigate and plan a social event for LFHA members?
You can determine the what, where, when, and how of the event.
Jennace Linton, our Board secretary, has offered to work with
volunteers who like the idea of having a neighborly get-together. If
you want to help, please contact Jennace by e-mail,
jennacelinton~gmail.com, or by phone, 355-6215.

Budget for Fiscal Year Ending 4-30-10

Beginning Balance 5-01-09         $ 7,890

Income:
    Assessments        11,300
    Bank Interest           500
    Glenshire Homeowners              128
              _______
    Total Available     $19,818

Expenses:
    Electric          2,500
    Insurance         1,600
    Yard Waste          5,000
    Printing and Mailing          900
    Room Rental            75
    Legal Fees/Filing Fees        500
    Website maintenance         600
    Contingencies         2,500
              _______
    Total Expenses          $13,925

ENDING BALANCE            $ 5,893
