---
layout: main
title: COVENENANTS LAKE POINT
---
<pre>

        A SUBDIVISION IN CHAMPAIGN COUNTY, ILLINOIS
           PROTECTIVE COVENANTS AND RESTRICTIONS

STATE OF ILLINOIS )
            ) SS
COUNTY OF CHAMPAIGN )

              OWNER’S CERTIFICATE

       WHEREAS, Developer, Lincolnshire Fields, Inc., is the owner
of the real property described in Article III of this Declaration
and desires to create thereon a residential community with
facilities for the benefit of said community; and

       WHEREAS, Developer desires to provide for the preservation of
the values and amenities of said community and for the maintenance
of said open spaces, common facilities, and the grounds and
landscape of each Lot; and, to this end, desires to subject the real
property described in Article III to the covenants, restrictions,
easements, charges and liens hereinafter set forth, each and all of
which is and are for the benefit of said property and each owner
thereof; and

       WHEREAS, Developer has deemed it desirable for the efficient
preservation of the values and amenities of said community to create
an agency to which should be delegated and assigned the powers
maintaining and administering the community properties and
facilities and administering and enforcing the covenants and
restrictions and collecting and disbursing the assessments and
charges hereinafter created; and

       WHEREAS, Developer has incorporated under the laws of the
State of Illinois as a general not for profit corporation the LAKE
POINT Home Owners' Association for the purpose of exercising the
functions aforesaid. 

       NOW, THEREFORE, Developer declares the real property
described in Article III, is and shall be held, transferred, sold,
conveyed and occupied subject to the covenants, restrictions,
easements, charges and liens hereinafter set forth.

            ARTICLE I

                 Definitions

    The following words when used in this Declaration shall have the
following meanings:

A. “Association” shall mean and refer to the Lake Point Home Owners’
Association. 
B. “The Properties” shall mean and refer to all such existing
properties, as are subject to this Owners’ Certificate and the
provisions off Article III hereof. 
C. “Common Properties" shall mean and refer to those areas of land
shown on any recorded subdivision plat of the Properties and
intended to be devoted to the common use and enjoyment of the owners
of the Properties. Included in this definition is Lake Point Road. 
D. “Lot” shall mean and refer to any plat of land shown upon any
recorded subdivision plat of the Properties with exception of Common
Properties as heretofore defined. 
E. “Living Units” shall mean and refer to any portion of a building
situated upon the Properties designed and intended for use and
occupancy as a residence by single family. 
F. “Owner” shall mean and refer to the record owner, whether one or
more persons or entities, of the fee simple title to any Lot or
Living Unit situated upon the Properties, but, notwithstanding any
applicable theory of the mortgage, shall not mean or refer to the
mortgagee unless and until such mortgagee has acquired title
pursuant to foreclosure or any proceeding in lieu of foreclosure.
G. “Member” shall mean and refer to all those owners who are members
of the Association as provided in Article IV, Section 1 hereof.
H. “Board” shall mean the Board of Directors of the Association.

            ARTICLE II
          Dedication of Common Areas

    Developer in recording the Plat of Lake Point Subdivision has
designated certain areas of land as Commons and Lake Point Road
intended for use by home owners in Lake Point Subdivision.

    The above described areas and road are not dedicated hereby for
use by the general public but are dedicated to the common use and
enjoyment of the home owners in Lake Point Subdivision as more fully
provided in Article V hereof.

    Easements for installation and maintenance of underground
utilities and drainage facilities, as well as golf course access,
are reserved as noted on the recorded plot and upon the Common
Properties. No building or outside facility within the Subdivision
or located on Common Properties shall be supplied with utility
service lines above the surface of the ground. The Developer or
Association, or their assigns, shall grant a written easement for
such underground service upon request of the interested utility. No
structures, walls, fences, planting, or any materials shall be
placed, planted or permitted to remain within the platted easements
or public ways which may damage of interfere with the installation,
operation, or maintenance of the utilities. All utilities serving
this Subdivision and all connections made thereto shall be located
beneath the surface of the ground, excepting there from transformer
installations and service pedestals.

            ARTICLE III
     Properties Subject to this Owners’ Certificate and Area of
Application

    The real property which is and shall be, held, transferred,
sold, conveyed and occupied subject to this Owners’ Certificate is:
    
A tract of land situated in the Southwest Quarter Section 21,
Township 19 North, Range 8 East of the Third Principal Meridian,
Champaign County, Illinois, the boundary of which is described as
follows:
    
    Beginning at a point on the West line of said Section 21, said
point being 1615.26 feet North of the Southwest corner of said
Section 21 as measured along the said West line of Section 21;
proceed Northerly along the said West line of Section 21, 106 feet
more or less to the center line of Copper Slough Drainage Ditch;
thence Northeasterly along the said center line of Copper Slough
Drainage Ditch a distance of 1004 feet more or less; thence on a
local bearing South 40°06’40" East, 185 feet; thence South 85°06’40"
East, 385.76 feet; thence South 63°25'46" East, 297.00 feet; thence
South 49°29’06" West 216.82 feet; thence South 57°33'04" West 188.56
feet; thence South 75°02’24" West, 288.28 feet; thence North
87°43’21" West 125.30 feet; thence South 77°47'00" West, 125.00
feet; thence South 64°47’00" West 100.00 feet; thence South
55°54’46" West, 139.58 feet; thence South 52°38’58" West, 165.00
feet to the Northeast corner of Lot 1 of Lincolnshire Fields West I,
as recorded in Book “X” at Page 85 in the Champaign County
Recorder’s Office; thence South 82°17'00" West along the North line
of Lot 1, a distance of 141.70 feet to the Northwest corner of said
Lot 1; thence South 89°53’09" West 38.28 feet to the point of
beginning, encompassing 11.2 Acres more or less.
    
    The proposed covenants and restrictions contained herein, in
their entirety, shall apply to Lots 1 through 14, inclusive, and all
Common Properties, as shown on the plat of said Subdivision.


            ARTICLE IV
        Membership and Voting Rights in the Association

       Section 1. Membership: Every person or entity who is a record
owner of a fee or undivided fee in any Lot or Living Unit which is
subject to these covenants of record to assessment by the
Association shall be a member of the Association, provided that any
such person or entity who holds such interest merely as a security
for the performance of an obligation shall not be a member.
       
       Section 2. Voting Rights: The Association shall have two
classes of voting membership:
       
Class A. Class A members shall be all those owners as defined in
Section 1 with the exception of the Developer. Class A members shall
be entitled to one vote for each Lot in which they hold the
interests required for membership by Section 1. When more than one
person holds such interest or interests in any Lot, all such persons
shall be members, and the vote for such Lot shall be exercised as
they among themselves determine, but in no event shall more there
one vote be cast with respect to any such Lot.

Class B. Class B members shall be the Developer. The Class B member
shall be entitled to four votes for each Lot in which it holds the
interest required for membership by Section I, provided that the
Class B membership shall cease and become converted to Class A
Membership on the happening of any of the following events,
whichever occurs earlier:

  (a) when the total votes outstanding in the Class A membership
equal the total votes outstanding in the Class B membership; or 

  (b) four (4) years from the sale of the first lot.

From and after the happening of these events, whichever occurs
earlier, the Class B member shall be deemed to be a Class A member
entitled to one vote for each Lot in which it holds the interests
required for membership under Section 1. The Association shall have
no vote for any Lot it owns.

            ARTICLE V
           Property Rights in Common Properties

       Section 1. Members Easements for Enjoyment: Subject to the
provisions of Section 3, every member shall have a right and
easement of enjoyment in and to the Common Properties and such
easement shall be appurtenant to and shall pass with the title to
every Lot or Living Unit.

       Section 2. Title to Common Properties: Developer may retain
the legal title to the Common Properties until such time as it has
completed improvements thereon and until such time as, in the
opinion of Developer, the Association is able to maintain the same
but, notwithstanding any provision herein, Developer hereby
covenants, for itself and assigns, that it shall convey the common
property to the Association not later than four (4) years from the
date of the sale of the first Lot.

       Section 3. Extent of Members’ Easement: The rights and
easements of enjoyment created hereby shall be subject to the right
of the Association to dedicate or transfer all or any part of the
Common Properties to any public agency, authority or utility for
such purposes and subject to such conditions as may be agreed to by
the members, provided that no such dedication or transfer
determination as to the purposes or as to the conditions thereof
shall be effective unless an instrument signed by members entitled
to cast two-thirds of the votes has been recorded, according to such
dedication, transfer, purpose or condition, and unless written
notice of proposed agreement and action there under is sent to every
member at least 90 days in advance of any such action.
       
            ARTICLE VI
          Covenant for Maintenance Assessment
       
       Section 1. Creation of the Lien and Personal Obligation of
Assessments: Developer, for each Lot owned by it within the
properties, hereby covenants and each owner of any Lot by acceptance
of a deed therefore, whether or not it shall be so expressed in any
such deed or other conveyance, shall be deemed to covenant and agree
to pay to the Association:
    A. Annual assessments or charges; 

    B. Special assessments for capital improvements, such
assessments to be fixed, established and collected from time to time
as herein after provided.

The annual and special assessments, together with such interest
thereon and costs of collection thereof as hereinafter provided,
shall be a charge on the land and shall be a continuing lien upon
the property against which each such assessment is made. Each such
assessment, together with such interest thereon and cost of
collection thereof as hereinafter provided, shall also be the
personal obligation of the person who was the owner of such property
at the time when the assessment fell due.

       Section 2. Purpose of Assessments: The assessments levied by
the Association shall be used exclusively for the purpose of
promoting the recreation, health, safety and welfare of the
residents of the Properties and in particular for the improvements
and maintenance of Common Properties and acquisitions, maintenance
and improvements of additional Properties and facilities as is
deemed desirable which are devoted to this purpose and related to
the use and enjoyment of the Common Properties and of the homes
situated upon the Properties. Expenditures of the Association
include, but are not limited to, the payment of taxes and insurance
thereon and repair, replacement, and additions thereto, and for the
cost of labor, equipment, materials, management and supervision
thereof.
       
       Section 3. Basis of Annual Assessment: Costs of annual
maintenance as provided by the Association under this Article shall
be classified into two categories. The first category shall include
all operating expenses in maintaining the Common Properties and any
additional property acquired by the Association, and each Owner
shall pay a proportionate share of these expenses; however, Lots
owned by Developer and Lot 14, if owned by the Association, shall be
disregarded in the computation of the proportionate share. The
assessment shall be determined by multiplying the total annual
operating costs by a ratio of one divided by the number of lots
other than those held by Developer and Lot 14, if owned by the
Association. The second category shall include expenses in the
maintenance of the grounds of the Lots. Owners of Lots upon which a
structure has been constructed in conformity with these covenants
and restrictions shall be assessed a proportionate share of these
expenses. The assessment shall be determined by multiplying the
total annual operating costs by a ratio of one divided by the number
of Lots upon which a structure has been constructed, except Lot 14
if owned by the Association. 

       Section 4. Special Assessments for Capital Improvements: In
addition to the annual assessments authorized by Section 3 hereof,
the Association may levy in any assessment year a special
assessment, applicable to that year only, for the purpose of
defraying, in whole or in part, the cost of any construction or
reconstruction, unexpected repair or replacement of a described
capital improvement upon the Common Properties or any additional
property acquired by this Association, including the necessary
fixtures and personal property related thereto, provided that any
such assessment shall have the assent of two-thirds of the votes of
the members who are voting in person or in proxy at a meeting duly
called for this purpose, written notice of which shall be sent to
all members at least 30 days in advance and shall set forth the
purpose of such meeting. Each Lot shall be assessed 1/13th of the
costs of any Capital Improvements, unless Lot 14 is transferred or
sold to an owner other than Developer or Association in which case
the provisions of Section 10 of this Article shall apply.

Any owner other than Developer or Association shall immediately
incur an obligation to pay a proportionate share of any capital
improvement, such special assessment becoming due and payable in a
manner as determined from time to time by the Board. Any special
assessment incurred on any Lot owned by the Developer or Association
shall not become due and payable until such Lot is transferred or
sold to an Owner other than Developer or Association. The special
assessment on any Lot not currently due and payable as provided in
this Section shall become a charge and lien upon such Lot. Upon the
transfer or sale of any Lot upon which special assessment is not
currently due or payable to an Owner other than Developer or
Association, the special assessment on such Lot shall become due and
payable in a manner as determined from time to time by the Board and
upon non-payment such special assessment may be collected as any
other assessment under the provisions of Section 9 of this Article.

       Section 5. Association's Option to Purchase Lot 14:

    A. The Association shall have an option to purchase Lot 14 from
Developer. The Association shall exercise such option in writing and
upon tender of the purchase price Developer shall convey Lot 14 to
the Association. The purchase price shall be $42,900.00 if the
option is exercised by June 1, 1980; thereafter, there shall be a
15% annual increase to this price prorated on a monthly basis.

    B. If the Association exercises its option to purchase Lot 14,
any improvement by the Association to Lot 14 must comply fully with
any and all covenants and restrictions contained in the Owners'
Certificate and in particular proposed construction of any Living
Unit must be approved by the Architectural Committee according to
the provisions of Article IX.

    C. If the Association exercises its option to purchase Lot 14,
it shall have full power to construct a Living Unit thereon (subject
to Part B of this Section and any and all other restrictions
applicable to Living Units under this Owners’ Certificate) and to
mortgage, lease, or sell the Lot and any Living Unit thereon.

    D. Two-thirds (2/3) of the members of Association must assent to
the acquisition of Lot 14 as provided in this Section at a meeting
duly called for that purpose, written notice of which shall be sent
to all members at least 30 days in advance and shall set forth the
purpose of such meeting.

    E. This option shall expire when all Lots except Lot 14 have
been improved.

       Section 6. Quorum for Any Action Authorized under Sections 3,
4 and 5: The quorum required for any action authorized by Sections
3, 4 and 5 of this Article, shall be as follows: At the first
meeting called as provided in Sections 3, 4 and 5 of this Article,
presence at the meeting of members or proxies entitled to cast 60%
of all the votes shall constitute a quorum. If the required quorum
is not forthcoming at any meeting, another meeting may be called
subject to the notice requirements set forth in Sections 3, 4 and 5
of this Article, and the required quorum at any such subsequent
meeting shall be one-half of the required quorum at the preceding
meeting, provided that no such subsequent meeting shall be held more
than 60 days following the preceding meeting.

       Section 7. Date of Commencement of Annual Assessments: The
annual assessments provided herein shall commence on the date fixed
by the Board to be the date of commencement. The first annual
assessment shall be made for the balance of the calendar year and
shall become due and payable on the day fixed for commencement. The
assessments for any year after the first year shall become due and
payable on the first day of March of said year. The amount of the
annual assessment which may be levied for the balance remaining in
the first year of assessment shall be an amount which bears the same
relationship to the annual assessment provided for in Section 3
hereof as the remaining number of months in that year bear to
twelve. The same reduction in the amount of the assessment shall
apply to the first assessment levied against any property which is
hereafter added to the properties now subject to assessment at a
time other than the beginning of any assessment period. The due date
under any special assessment under Section 4 and 5 hereof, shall be
fixed in the resolution authorizing such assessment.

       Section 8. Duties of the Board: The Board shall fix the date
of commencement and the amount of the assessment against each Lot
for each assessment period at least 30 days in advance of such date
or period and shall, at the time, prepare a roster of the Properties
and assessments applicable thereto which shall be kept in the office
of the Association and shall be open to inspection by any Owner.
Written notice of the assessment shall thereupon be sent to every
Owner subject thereto. The Association shall, upon demand at any
time, furnish to any Owner liable for said assessment a Certificate
in Writing, signed by an officer of the Association setting forth
whether such assessment has been paid. Such certificate shall be
exclusive evidence of payment of any assessment therein stated to
have been paid.

       Section 9. Effect of Non-payment of Assessment: A personal
obligation of the owner; the lien; remedies of the Association: If
the assessments are not paid on the date when due (being the date
specified in Section 9 hereof), then such assessment shall become
delinquent and shall, together with such interest thereon and cost
of collection thereof as hereinafter provided, thereupon become a
continuing lien on the property which shall bind such property in
the hands of the then Owner, his heirs, devisees, personal
representatives and assigns. Personal obligation of the then Owner
to pay such assessment, however, shall remain his personal
obligation for the statutory period and shall not pass to his
successors in title unless expressly assumed by them. If the
assessment is not paid in 30 days after the delinquency date, the
assessment shall bear interest from the date of delinquency at the
judgment rate and the Association may bring an action at law against
the Owner personally obligated to pay the same or to foreclose the
lien against the property, and there shall be added to the amount of
such assessment the costs of preparing and filing the complaint in
such action in the event of a judgment. Such judgment shall include
interest on the assessment as above provided and a reasonable
attorney’s fee to be fixed by the Court, together with the cost of
the action.
       
       Section 10. Exempt Property: The following property subject
to this Owners’ Certificate shall be exempted from the assessments,
charges and liens created herein:
       
    A. All property to the extent of any easement or other interest
therein dedicated and accepted by the local public authority and
devoted to public use.

    B. All common properties as defined in Article II, Section 1
hereof.
       
    C. Lot 14 shall be exempt from assessments so long as it is
owned by Developer or Association. Upon its sale and transfer to any
other Owner, Lot 14 shall be subject to assessments to the same
extent as any other Lot according to the provisions of this Article.
If Lot 14 is sold and transferred to an Owner other than Developer
or Association, then each Lot shall be assessed 1/14th of any
special assessments to any subsequent capital improvements as
provided in Section 4 of this Article.

            ARTICLE IX
             Architectural Control
       
       No building, fence, wall or other structure shall be
commenced, erected or maintained upon the Properties, nor shall any
landscaping or exterior additions change or alteration therein be
made until the plans and specifications showing the nature, kind,
shape, height, materials and location of the same shall have been
submitted to and approved in writing as to harmony of external
design and location in relation to surrounding structures and
topography by the Architectural Committee. The Architectural
Committee shall consist of Josef C. Hallbeck until all Lots are
approved, at which time the Architectural Committee shall consist of
three or more representatives appointed by the Board. In the event
said Architectural Committee fails to approve or disapprove such
design and location within 30 days after said plans and
specifications have been submitted, or in any event if no suit to
enjoin the addition, alteration or change has been commenced prior
to the completion thereof, approval will not be required and this
Article will have been fully complied with. 
       
            ARTICLE X
        Building Locations and Structure Restrictions

       Section 1. Quality and Size: It is the intent and purpose of
these covenants to assure that all dwellings shall be of the same
quality of workmanship and materials substantially the same or
better than that which can be produced at the date these covenants
are recorded. For single family dwellings, the ground floor area
above surrounding grade of the main structure, exclusive of open
porches and garages, shall be not less than 2400 square feet for a
dwelling of less than two stories; in the event the main structure
is two or more stories, the ground floor area, exclusive of open
porches and garages, shall be not less than 1300 square feet, and
the total required floor area shall not be less than 2600 square
feet, exclusive of open porches and garages.
       
       Section 2. Use: No structures shall be erected, altered,
placed or permitted to remain on any building site other than one
detached single family dwelling.
       
       Section 3. Set-back Lines: No building shall be located on
any Lot nearer than 35 feet to the front Lot line, except Lots 3, 7
and 14 on which no building shall be located nearer than 25 feet to
the front Lot line, or nearer than 30 feet to the rear lot line; no
part of the dwelling shall be located nearer to the side lot line
than 15 feet unless a different distance is set forth on the
recorded plat. With respect to all Lots, no structures or fences
shall be erected in the front set-back lines. With respect to Lots
bordering upon the golf course and lake, no structures or fences or
planting shall be erected in the rear 35 feet thereof, except by the
permission of the Architectural Committee. It is the intent of this
Covenant to provide a reasonable view of the golf course and lake to
all owners of Lots bordering upon the golf course and lake; it is
not intended to prohibit all structures, fences and planting, but
merely to control the nature and extent thereof.
       
       Section 4. Roofs: The roof of any structure erected on any
Lot in compliance with these covenants shall be covered with wood or
shake shingles, or of material of a similar quality and type as
determined by the Architectural Committee.
       
            ARTICLE XII
             Exterior Maintenance
       
       Section 1. Extent: In addition to maintenance upon the Common
Properties the Association will provide exterior maintenance upon
each Lot which is subject to assessment under Article VI hereof as
follows: upkeep of trees, shrubs, grass, and walks.
       
       Section 2. Assessment of Cost: The cost of such maintenance
shall be assessed against the lot as provided in Article VI, Section
3 and shall be added to and become part of the annual maintenance
assessment or charge to which such Lot is subject under Articles
hereof. As part of the annual assessment or charge, it shall be a
lien or obligation of the Owner and shall become due and payable in
all respects as provided in Article VI hereof, provided that the
Board when establishing the annual assessment against each Lot, or
any assessment year as required under Article V hereof, may add
hereto the estimated cost of the maintenance for that year, but
shall thereafter make such adjustment with the Owners as is
necessary to reflect the actual cost thereof.
       
       Section 3. Access at Reasonable Hours: For the purpose of
solely performing the maintenance required by this Article, the
Association through its duly authorized agents or employees shall
have the right after reasonable notice to the Owner to enter upon
any Lot at reasonable hours on any day except Sunday.
       
       Section 4. Maintenance of Unimproved Lots:
       
    A. The maintenance of any Lot upon which no structure has been
erected is the responsibility of the Owner of that Lot. Costs of
such maintenance shall be borne by the Owner of such Lot. 

    B. If the Owner of any unimproved Lot fails to maintain the Lots
in an aesthetically pleasing manner, and particularly by not mowing
the Lot at frequent intervals; then Developer or the Association may
maintain the Lot and the cost of such maintenance shall become a
personal obligation of the Owner and a lien upon the property.

    C. If the Owner of any unimproved Lot fails to develop his tract
within one year after its purchase from Developer, the Owner must
seed or sod the Lot.

            ARTICLE XIII
               General Provisions

  Section 1. Duration: The covenants arid restrictions of this
Owners’ Certificate shall run with and bind the Land and shall inure
to the benefit of and be enforceable by the Association or the Owner
of any land subject to this Owners' Certificate, the respective
legal representatives, heirs, successors and assigns, for a term of
25 years from the date this Owners’ Certificate is recorded, after
which time said Covenants shall be automatically extended for
successive periods of ten years unless an instrument signed by the
then Owners of two-thirds of the Lots has been recorded agreeing to
change said Covenants and restrictions in whole or in part.
Provided, however, that no such agreement to change shall be
effective unless made and recorded three years in advance of
effective date of such change and unless written notice of the
proposed agreement is sent to every Owner at least 90 days in
advance of any action taken.

  Section 2. Notices: Any notices required to be sent to any member
or Owner under the provision of this Owners' Certificate, shall be
deemed to have been properly sent when mailed, postpaid, to the last
known address of the person who appears as member or Owner on the
records of the Association at the time of such mailing.

  Section 3. Buy Back of Unimproved Lots: Developer reserves the
right to buy back any unimproved Lot after four years from the date
of purchase of the Lot from Developer for a consideration equal to
that of the initial purchase price. 

  Section 4. Lots Bordering the Lake: Owners of any Lot bordering
upon Lake Lincolnshire shall join the Lincolnshire Fields Lake
Association now or hereafter in existence. 

  Section 5. Lincolnshire Fields Homeowner’s Association: All Lot
Owners shall be members of the Lincolnshire Fields Homeowner’s
Association, a not for profit corporation organized under the laws
of the state of Illinois. All Lot Owners in Lake Point agree to
accept membership in said Lincolnshire Fields Homeowner’s
Association and to abide and be bound by the reasonable rules and
regulations of said Lincolnshire Fields Homeowner’s Association and
to maintain membership therein so long as such Lot Ownership is
retained. Each owner-member shall be subject to assessment for
annual dues to the Lincolnshire Fields Homeowner's Association not
to exceed $25.00 unless a larger amount is approved by the Owners of
80% of all the Lots involved in such Lincolnshire Fields Homeowner's
Association. It is further specifically understood that fire service
protection may be contracted for the Subdivision through the
Lincolnshire Fields Homeowner’s Association and that each Lot, when
improved with a residence, will be subject to an assessment for its
pro rata share of the expense of the contract with the fire
department and for fire hydrant rental commencing with the beginning
of construction. Accordingly, the Lincolnshire Fields Homeowner's
Association shall have the following powers: 

    A. Authority to enforce the covenants of this Section. 

    B. Authority to levy a fire protection assessment and have
assessment collected as a part of real estate taxes.

    C. Authority to levy dues assessments.

  Section 6. Sale Or Lease by an Owner-First Option to Board or
Developer: If any Owner, other than Developer to whom the Provisions
of Section 6 do not apply, shall desire at any time to sell or lease
his Lot or Living Unit, other than to a co-owner of the same Lot or
Living Unit, or to Developer, he shall first give the Board or
Developer, if the first Board has not at said time been elected, at
least thirty (30) days prior written notice of the proposed sale or
lease, which notice shall state the name and address and financial
and character references of the proposed purchaser or lessee and the
terms of the proposed sale or lease.

During the period of thirty (30) days following the receipt by the
Board or Developer of such written notice, the Board or Developer
shall have the first right at its Option to purchase or lease such
Lot or Living Unit upon the same terms as the proposed sale or lease
described in such notice.

If the Board or Developer shall give written notice to such Owner
within said thirty (30) days period that it has elected not to
exercise such option, or if the Board or Developer shall fail to
give written notice to such Owner within said thirty (30) day period
that it does or does not elect to purchase or lease such Lot or
Living Unit upon the same terms as herein provided then, such Owner
may proceed to consummate said proposed sale or lease transaction at
any time within the next ninety (90) days thereafter; and if he
fails to consummate said proposed sale or lease transaction within
said ninety (90) days, his Lot or Living Unit shall again become
subject to the Board’s right of first option as herein provided. 

If the Board or Developer give written notice to such Owner within
said thirty (30) day period of its election to purchase or lease
such ownership upon the same terms as the proposed sale or lease
described in said written notice to it, then such purchase or lease
by the Board or Developer shall be closed upon the same terms as
such proposed sale or lease.

The Board or Developer shall have the authority to elect not to
exercise such option and to give written notice to such election. A
certificate executed and acknowledged by the president and secretary
of the Board, certifying that the Board has elected not to exercise
such option to purchase or lease such ownership upon the terms of
such proposed sale or lease, shall be conclusive evidence of such
election by the Board and of the compliance with the provisions
hereof by the Owner proposing to make such proposed sale or lease.
Such certificate shall be furnished to such Owner upon his
compliance with the provisions hereof.

If the Board shall adopt a resolution that it shall exercise its
option to purchase or lease such ownership upon the terms of such
proposed sale or lease, the Board shall promptly call a meeting of
all of the Owners for the purpose of voting upon such option, which
meeting shall be held within said thirty (30) day period. If all
Owners, excluding the Owner of the Lot of Living Unit subject to
such option, authorize the Board to exercise such option to make
such purchase or lease, then the Board shall promptly give written
notice of such election as herein provided. In such event, such
purchase or lease by the Board shall be closed and consummated, and,
for such purpose, the Board shall have the authority to make such
mortgage or other financing arrangements, and to make such
assessments proportionately among all the respective Owners, and to
make such other arrangements, as the Board may deem desirable in
order to close and consummate such sale or lease of such ownership
by the Board.

If the Board shall make any such purchase or lease of an ownership
interest as herein provided, the Board or its nominee shall hold the
same for the benefit of the Owners and shall have the authority at
any time thereafter to sell or sublease such Lot or Living Unit upon
such terms as the Board shall deem desirable, and all of the net
proceeds or deficit therefrom shall be applied among, or charged to
Owners in proportion to their respective interests in such Lot or
Living Unit.

If a proposed lease of any Lot or Living Unit is made by any Owner,
after compliance with the foregoing provisions, a copy of the lease
as and when executed shall be furnished by such Owner to the Board,
and the lessee thereunder shall be bound by and be subject to all of
the obligations of such Owner with respect to such Lot or Living
Unit as provided in this Certificate and the Articles of
Incorporation and Bylaws of the Association and the lease shall
expressly so provide. The Owner making any such lease shall not be
relieved thereby from any of his obligations. Upon the expiration or
termination of such lease, or in the event of any attempted
subleasing thereunder, the provisions hereof with respect to the
Board’s right of first option shall apply to such Lot or Living
Unit.

If any sale or lease of a Lot or Living Unit is made or attempted by
any Owner without complying with the foregoing provisions, such sale
or lease shall be subject to each and all of the rights and options
of the Board hereunder and each and all of the remedies and actions
available to the Board hereunder or at law or in equity in
connection therewith.

The Board may adopt rules and regulations from time to time not
inconsistent with the foregoing provisions, for the purpose of
implementing and effectuating the foregoing provisions. In the event
the first Board has not yet been elected, the foregoing procedures
shall apply to Developer.

  Section 7. Dwellings per Building Site: Only one dwelling
structure shall be constructed per building site; no replatting or
subdividing of these lots shall be permitted, the effect of which
would be to reduce the area of width below ninety percent (90%) of
the area and width platted.

  Section 8. Easements: Easements for installation and maintenance
of underground utilities and drainage facilities and golf course
access are reserved as noted on the recorded plat and as provided in
Article II hereof. No building or outside facility within the
Subdivision shall be supplied with utility service lines above the
surface of the ground. Each Lot Owner shall grant a written easement
such underground service upon the request of the interested utility.
No structures, walls, fences, plantings, or any materials shall be
placed, planted, or permitted to remain within the plotted easements
or public ways which may damage or interfere with the installation,
operation, or maintenance of the utilities. All utilities serving
this Subdivision and all connections made thereto shall be located
beneath the surface of the ground, excepting therefrom transformer
installations and service pedestals.

  Section 9. Percentage of Lot Coverage: All buildings on a building
site, including accessory buildings and the additional area enclosed
by a fence, the nature of which obstructs view through it, shall not
cover a total of more than thirty percent (30%) of the Lot, except
with the prior express consent of the Architectural Committee.

  Section 10. Permissible Building – Order of Construction: All
buildings erected on any Lot :hall be constructed of material of
good quality suitably adopted for use in the construction of
residences, and no old building or buildings shall be placed or
moved to said Lot. Accessory buildings shall not be erected,
constructed, or maintained prior to the erection or construction of
the dwelling. The provisions herein shall not apply to temporary
buildings and structures erected by builders in connection with the
construction of any dwelling or accessory building and which are
promptly removed upon completion of such dwelling or accessory
building.

  Section 11. Non-Occupancy and Diligence During Construction: The
construction of any building or structure shall be prosecuted
diligently and continuously from the time of commencement until the
exterior construction shall be fully completed and the interior
construction is substantially completed, and no such building or
structure shall be occupied during the course of original exterior
construction or until made to comply with the restrictions and
conditions set forth herein. No excavation except as is necessary
for the construction of improvements shall be permitted. No partial
construction shall be suspended for more than twenty (20) working
days.

  Section 12. Maintenance of Lot during Construction: During the
course of construction all materials and equipment shall be stored
only on the lot on which construction is underway; debris and waste
involved in the construction shall be confined to the lot on which
construction is underway and shall be removed from the premises each
Saturday or be suitably covered. Lightweight debris shall be stored
in containers to avoid blowing upon adjacent Lots. No burning shall
take place, of debris, upon the premises except with the permission
of the Architectural Committee. The intent of this covenant is to
maintain and preserve a clean and neat appearance in the Subdivision
at all times.

  Section 13. Temporary Structures: No structure of a temporary
character, trailer, basement, tent, shack, garage, barn or other
outbuilding shall be used on any Lot at any time as a residence
either temporarily or permanently.

  Section 14. Signs: No sign of any kind shall be displayed to the
public view on any lot except one sign of not more than five square
feet advertising the property for sale or rent, or signs used by the
builder during construction which are attached to the building.

  Section 15. Oil and Mining Operations: No oil drilling, oil
development operations, oil refining, quarrying, or mining
operations of any kind shall be permitted upon or in any lot, and no
oil wells, tanks, tunnels, mineral excavations or shafts shall be
permitted upon or in any Lot. No derrick or other structure designed
for use in boring for oil or natural gas shall be erected,
maintained, or permitted upon any Lot. No person, firm or
corporation shall strip, excavate, or otherwise remove soil for sale
or for use other than on the premises from which the same shall be
taken, except in connection with the construction or alteration of a
building or such premises and excavation or grading incidental
thereto.

  Section 16. Livestock and Poultry: No animals, livestock, or
poultry of any kind shall be raised, bred, or kept on any Lot,
except that no more than two dogs, cats, or other common household
pets may be kept provided that they are not kept, bred, or
maintained for any commercial purpose.

  Section 17. Garbage and Refuse Disposal: No Lot shall be used or
maintained as a dumping ground for rubbish. Trash, garbage, grass,
or other cuttings and other waste shall be kept only in sanitary
containers and shall not be dumped upon any other Lot in the
Subdivision. All incinerators or other equipment for the storage or
disposal of such materials shall be kept in a clean and sanitary
condition and stored in a manner either inside a garage or other
building or below ground so as not to be visible from other
property.

  Section 18. Storage: No building material of any kind or character
shall be placed or stored upon a building site until the Owner is
ready to commence improvements in compliance with an approved
architectural plan and then such materials shall be placed within
the property lines of the building site upon which improvements are
to be erected.

  Section 19. Sewage System: A sanitary sewer system has been
installed in the Subdivision and, therefore, no individual sewage
disposal system shall be installed or maintained on any Lot.

  Section 20. Off-Street Parking: All property owners shall provide
a garage for the number of automobiles in use by the residents of
the property. All property owners or residents in the Subdivision
owning or possessing trucks, trailers, campers, boats, motorcycles
or motor homes which they desire to park in the Subdivision shall
provide and use an enclosed garage for the storage of same when not
in motion. 

  Section 21. Landscaping of Improved Lots: Within a reasonable
length of time, not to exceed nine (9) months after completion of
the dwelling, landscaping as approved by the Architectural Committee
shall be completed.

  Section 22. Driveways: Driveways must be paved with concrete or
asphalt. 

  Section 23. Post Lantern: Each Lot Owner shall, upon actual
occupancy of his Lot, install and maintain an electric post lantern
within ten (10) feet of the intersection of his driveway and front
Lot line. The lantern shall be illuminated during the hours of
darkness and shall be equipped with an automatic control device for
this purpose. The lantern shall be equipped with appropriate lights
having an equivalent minimum of seventy-five (75) watts.

  Section 24. Nuisances: No noxious or offensive activity shall be
carried on upon any Lot, nor shall anything be done thereon which
may be or may become an annoyance or nuisance to the neighborhood.
Lot Owners shall endeavor to keep Lots clean of debris and waste
materials so as to preserve a neat appearance in the Subdivision.

  Section 25. Amendment: The Owners of legal title of record of
two-thirds of the Lots in Lake Point shall have the authority at any
time to amend any part of these restrictions, such restrictions,
conditions, covenants, reservations, liens, or charges shall no
longer be required under the provisions herein set forth.

  Section 26. Enforcement: Enforcement of these Covenants and
Restrictions shall be by any proceeding at law or in equity against
any person or persons violating or attempting to violate any
covenant or restriction, either to restrain violation or to recover
damages and against the land to enforce any lien created by these
covenants; and failure by the Association or any Owner to enforce
any covenant or restriction herein contained, shall in no event be
deemed a waiver of the right to do so thereafter. In any action for
enforcement of these restrictions and covenants, there shall be
charged to the violating party, reasonable costs of litigation,
including a reasonable attorney’s fee.

  Section 27. Severability: Invalidation of any one of these
Covenants or Restrictions by judgment or court order shall not
affect any other provision which shall remain in full force and
effect.                                                  


IN WITNESS WEREOF, this instrument has been executed by Developer of
Lake Point.

Dated at Champaign, Illinois this 25th day of September, 1979.

            LINCOLNSHIRE FIELDS, INC.


            By:
                ___________________________________
                Josef C. Hallbeck, President


                ___________________________________
                Helen M. Hallbeck, Secretary


STATE OF ILLINOIS )
      )  SS
COUNTY OF CHAMPAIGN )

       I, the undersigned Notary Public in and for the County and
State aforesaid, do hereby certify that Josef C. Halfback and Helen
M. Hallbeck, to me personally known to be President and Secretary,
respectively, of Lincolnshire Fields, Inc. a corporation, and also
known to me to be the persons whose names are subscribed to the
foregoing instrument, appeared before me this day in person and
acknowledged that as such President and Secretary, respectively,
they signed, sealed, and delivered the said instrument as the free
and voluntary act of said corporation, for the uses and purposes
therein set forth, and that they were duly authorized to execute the
same by the Board of Directors of said corporation. 
       
       Given under my hand and Notarial Seal this 25th day of
September, 1979.


              ________________________________
                    Notary Public

</pre>
