---
layout: main
title: COVENANTS LINCOLNSHIRE FIELDS NORTHWEST III
---

<pre>

            An Addition to Champaign County, Illinois

            Protective Covenants

STATE OF ILLINOIS   )
        )   SS
COUNTY OF CHAMPAIGN )

            OWNER'S CERTIFICATE

THE CHAMPAIGN NATIONAL BANK, a Corporation, of Champaign, Illinois,
as Trustee Under Trust Agreement dated December 22, 1988, and known
as Trust No. 030-878-672, and as the record and legal owner of
certain real estate, makes this Certificate as to such real estate
described as follows:

A part of the Northwest Quarter of Section 21, Township 19 North,
Range 8 East of the Third Principal Meridian, Champaign County,
Illinois, being more particularly described as follows:

Beginning at the Northwest corner of Northeast Quarter of the
Northwest Quarter of said Section 21; thence proceed South 89°07'42"
East, along the North line of said Northwest Quarter, 326.95 feet,
to the Right of Way line of Kirby Avenue; thence South 0° 52' 18"
West, 35.00 feet, to the Southerly Right of Way line of Kirby
Avenue; thence South 86 °11'28" East, along the Southerly Right of
Way line of Kirby Avenue, 878.18 feet, to the Westerly Right of Way
line of F.A.I. 57; thence South 00 ° 34 '51" East, along said
Westerly Right of Way line, 1529.48 feet, to a point on the
Northerly boundary of Lincolnshire Fields Country Club Golf Course;
thence South 89°55'46" West, along said Northerly boundary, 55.91
feet; thence North 33°28'34" West, along said Northerly boundary,
199.98 feet; thence North 46°34'14" West, along said Northerly
boundary, 440.92 feet; thence North 44°22'54" West, along-said
Northerly boundary, 221.03 feet; thence Southerly along an arc to
the left, having a radius of 220.00 feet, a chord length of 124.91
feet, a chord bearing of South 01°14'30" West, and an arc length of
126.13 feet; thence Southerly along an arc to the right having a
radius of 280.00 feet, a chord length of 134.97 feet, a chord
bearing of South 01°18'15" East, and an arc length of 136.31 feet,
to the Northerly corner of Lot 38 of Lincolnshire Fields North II,
an addition to Champaign County as recorded in the office of the
Recorder of Champaign County, Illinois, as Document Number 78 R
13639; thence South 89°58'11" West, 61.93 feet, to the Northeast
corner of Lot 39 of said Lincolnshire Fields North II; thence
Northerly along an arc to the left, having a radius of 220.00 feet,
a chord length of 119.19 feet, a chord bearing of North 00°27'58"
East, and an arc length of 120.69 feet; thence Northerly along an
arc to the right having a radius of 280.00 feet, a chord length of
138.85 feet, a chord bearing of North 00°53'41" West, and an arc
length of 140.31 feet, to a point on the Northerly boundary of
Lincolnshire Fields Country Club; thence South 88°19'46" West, along
said Northerly boundary, 260.65 feet, more or less, to the
centerline of Copper Slough Drainage Ditch, also being the
Southeasterly line of Lot 89 in Lincolnshire Fields Northwest II, an
Addition to Champaign County; thence North 28°15'55" East, more or
less along the centerline of the Copper Slough Drainage Ditch,
161.86 feet, more or less, to the Southeast corner of said Lot 89;
thence North 53°42'29" West, along the Northeasterly line of said
Lot 89, 260.00 feet, to the Northerly Right of Way line of Bentbrook
Drive; thence Southwesterly along said Northerly Right of Way line
on an arc to the right, having a radius of 220.00 feet, a chord
length of 36.95 feet, a chord bearing of South 41°06'33" West, and
an arc length of 36.99 feet; thence North 48°57'25" West, 118.25
feet, to the Southeast corner of Alpha Tau Omega Subdivision in
Champaign County; thence North 00°38'26" West, along the Easterly
line of said Alpha Tau Omega Subdivision, 663.10 feet, to the point
of beginning, encompassing 29.603 acres more or less.

Owner states that the same was caused to be surveyed and platted by
Stephen A. Kurth, a Registered Illinois Professional Land Surveyor
No. 1945, and the undersigned does hereby adopt, ratify and confirm
the plat prepared by said surveyor and names such subdivided real
estate "LINCOLNSHIRE FIELDS NORTHWEST III, an Addition to Champaign
County, Illinois", and the undersigned does hereby dedicate the
tracts shown on the plat as streets, namely, "Byrnebruk Drive",
"Bentbrook Drive", "Cobblefield Road", "Cobblefield Court", and
"Bentbrook Court", and that part set aside as easements to the
public, for public use, and the undersigned does dedicate for public
use all of the utilities such as water mains, storm sewers and
sanitary sewers to the public for public use forever, and also
dedicates that 165 foot wide Fountain Head Drainage District
easement as shown on Plat to said Drainage District.

Each of said lots in said subdivision on which there appears a
broken line designated as "Easement for Public Utilities and/or
Drainage" is subject to a permanent easement five, ten or proper
feet and width as shown thereon for the installation and maintenance
of gas, telephone and power lines, water and sewers, and any other
utilities and storm drainage which may be needed for the benefit of
any or all of the lots in said subdivision and for the public and
Fountain Head Drainage District easement as shown on Plat.

The Copper Slough ditch channel centerline as shown on the Plat is
approximate in location as of the Fall of 1990. This ditch channel
may be subject to movement over time and, therefore, those
dimensions referring to the ditch channel location can increase or
decrease accordingly and may, therefore, affect the use of any lot.
However, the Fountain Head Drainage District easement lines
(boundaries) and the rear lot lines are fixed in place by the Plat
and the lot dimensions shown thereon. Since the Copper Slough and
the easement fall under the jurisdiction of the Fountain Head
Drainage District, nothing may be built in the easement without its
prior written consent.

It is hereby provided that all conveyances of property hereinafter
made in said subdivision by the present or future owners of any of
the lands described in said Surveyor's Certificate for said
subdivision shall, by adopting the above description of said land as
platted, be taken and understood as if incorporating in all such
conveyances without repeating the same, the following restrictions,
as applicable: 

               DEFINITIONS

For the purpose of this Declaration, certain words and terms are
hereby defined:

Accessory Building: Separate building or buildings located on the
same building site and which are incidental to the main building or
to primary use of the premises.

Building Area: That portion of a building site within which the
construction and maintenance of main buildings is permitted.

Building Site: A portion of the subdivision consisting of at least
ninety-five percent (95%) of one entire lot, as platted.

Dwelling: Any building occupied or designed to be occupied by and
used exclusively for a residence by a single family.

Dwelling Unit: Any portion of a building occupied or designed to be
occupied by and used exclusively for a residence by a single family.

Ground Floor Area: That portion of a dwelling which is built over a
basement or foundation above surrounding grade but not over any
other portion of the dwelling.

Developer: Hallbeck Homes, Inc., or any subsidiary or part of said
company acting as Developer.

AREA OF APPLICATION

The proposed covenants below, in their entirety, shall apply to Lots
90 through 127, inclusive, as shown on the plat of said subdivision,
LINCOLNSHIRE FIELDS NORTHWEST III.

               COVENANTS

1. Allowable Structures: No structure shall be erected, altered,
placed, or permitted to remain on any building site other than one
detached single family dwelling, a private garage for not more than
three (3) cars, and other accessory buildings incidental to
residential use.

2. Architectural Control:

       a. The Architectural Control Committee is composed of:  Josef
C. Hallbeck, Daniel J. Hallbeck, Greg Millage, and Richard J.
Hallbeck

A majority of the committee may designate a representative to make
its report. In the event of death or resignation of any member of
the committee, the remaining members shall have full authority to
designate a successor. For each twenty (20) lots sold or contracted
for sale, the lot purchasers, as a group, shall be entitled to name
one of the four members of the Architectural Control Committee. When
all lots have been sold, the Board of Directors of Lincolnshire
Fields Homeowner's Association shall be entitled to name the three
members of the Architectural Control Committee, including the
designation of a successor in the event of death or resignation of
any member of the Committee.

       b. Powers: It is the purpose of Architectural Control to
promote the residential development of LINCONSHIRE FIELDS NORTHWEST
III, an Addition to Champaign County, Illinois, and to enhance
property values therein; therefore, the Architectural Control
Committee shall have the right and power to reject approval of plans
submitted if they do not, in the Committee's opinion, benefit and
enhance the residential development of the area; such approval,
however, shall not be unreasonably withheld.

The Architectural Committee shall have the power to reduce side-yard
requirements by not more than twenty-five percent (25%) of the
required side-yard and to reduce the front and rear yard
requirements by not more than ten percent (10%) of the applicable
required front or rear yard; the Committee shall have the further
power to reduce minimum dwelling size requirements where the size,
shape, and location of the lot warrants such variance in the opinion
of the Architectural Committee.

(1) Building Plats. etc.: No building, dwelling, fence, or other
structure or excavation shall be erected, constructed, altered or
maintained upon, under or above or Coved upon any part of said
subdivision unless the plans and specifications thereof, showing the
proposed construction, nature, kind, shape, height, materials, and
color scheme thereof, and building elevations, and a plot plan
showing lot lines, easements and easement locations, boundaries of
the building site, including set-back lines, distance from the
boundaries of the building site to the buildings and the grading
plan of the building site shall have been submitted to and approved
by the Architectural Committee, and until a copy of such plans and
specifications, plot plan and grading plans as finally approved, is
deposited for permanent record with the Architectural Committee.

(2) Approval by Architectural Committee: The Architectural Committee
shall, upon request, and after satisfactory completion of
improvements, issue its certificate of completion. If the Committee
fails to approve or reject any plan or matter requiring approval
within thirty (30) days after plans or specifications have been
submitted to it, or in any event if no suit to enjoin construction
has been commenced prior to the completion thereof, approval shall
be conclusively presumed and the related covenants shall be deemed
to have been fully complied with.

(3) Right of Inspection: During any construction or alteration
required to be approved by the Architectural Committee, any member
of the Architectural Committee, or any agent of such Committee,
shall have the right to enter upon and inspect, during reasonable
hours, any building site embraced within said Subdivision and the
improvements thereon, for the purpose of ascertaining whether or not
the provisions herein set forth have been and are being fully
complied with and shall not be deemed guilty of trespass by reason
thereof. 

(4) Waiver of Liability: The approval by the Architectural Committee
of any plans and specifications, plot plan, grading, or other plan
or matter requiring approval as herein provided, shall not be deemed
to be a waiver by the said Committee of its right to withhold
approval as to similar other features or elements embodied therein
when subsequently submitted for approval in connection with the same
building site or any other building site. Neither the said Committee
nor any member thereof, nor the present owner of said real estate,
shall be in any way responsible or liable for the loss or damage,
for any error or defect which may or may not be shown on any plans
and specifications or on any plot or grading plan, or planting or
other plan, or any building or structure or work done in accordance
with any other matter, whether or not the same has been approved by
the said Committee or any member thereof, or the present owner of
said real estate.

(5) Constructive Evidence of Action By Architectural Committee: Any
title company or person certifying, guaranteeing, or insuring title
to any building site, lot or parcel in such Subdivision, or any lien
thereon or interest therein, shall be fully justified in relying
upon the contents of the certificate signed by any member of the
Architectural Committee and such certificate shall fully protect any
purchaser or encumbrances in good faith in acting thereon.

3. Minimum Dwelling - Quality and Size: It is the intent and purpose
of these covenants to assure that all dwellings shall be of the
quality of workmanship and materials substantially the same or
better than that which can be produced on the date these covenants
are recorded. For single family dwellings, the ground floor area
above surrounding grade or the main structure, exclusive of open
porches and garage, shall be not less than 1800 square feet, for a
dwelling of less than two stories; in the event the main structure
is a two-story dwelling, the ground floor area, exclusive of open
porches and garage, shall be not less than 1, 000 square feet, and
the total required floor area shall not be less than 2,000 square
feet, exclusive of open porches and garage.

4. Building Location: No building shall be located on any lot nearer
than thirty-five (35) feet to the front street right-of-way or
nearer than thirty-five (35) feet to the rear lot line; no part of a
dwelling shall be located nearer to a side lot line than twelve (12)
feet unless a different distance is set forth on the recorded plat.
With respect to all lots, no structures or fences shall be erected
in the front set back lines. With respect to lots bordering upon the
golf course, no structures or fences or planting shall be erected in
the rear thirty-five (35) feet thereof except with the permission of
the Architectural Committee. It is the intent of this covenant to
provide a reasonable view of the golf course to all owners of lots
bordering upon the golf course. It is not intended to prohibit all
structures, fences, and planting, but merely to control the nature
and extent thereof.

Where a building site consists of more than one lot, the above
provisions shall be applicable to the boundary lines of a building
site rather than the platted lot lines. Accordingly, the
Architectural Committee shall have the power to increase the side
yard requirements co a minimum of fifteen percent (15%) of the width
of the building site at the building set back line where the
building site consists of more than one lot, this power is in
addition to the power of the Architectural Committee set forth in
Paragraph 2, Subparagraph (b) above.

5. Dwellings Per Building Site: Only one dwelling structure shall be
constructed per building site; no replatting or subdividing of these
lots shall be permitted, the effect of which would be to reduce the
area of width below ninety percent (90%) of the area and width as
platted.

6. Easements: Easements for installation and maintenance of
underground utilities and underground and above ground drainage
facilities are reserved as noted on the recorded plat and also upon
the front ten (10) feet of all lots. No building or outside facility
within the Subdivision shall be supplied with utility service lines
above the surface of the ground. Each lot owner shall grant a
written easement for such underground service upon request of the
interested utility. No structures, walls, fences, plantings, or any
materials shall be placed, planted, or permitted to remain within
the platted easements, including Fountain Head Drainage District
easements, or public ways which may damage or interfere with the
installation, operation, or maintenance of the utilities and
Fountain Head Drainage District system. A11 utilities serving this
subdivision and all connections made thereto shall be located
beneath the surface of the ground, excepting there from transformer
installations and service pedestals. Required above ground
appurtenances to the underground utility system shall be located
within six (6) feet of the side lot lines.

7. Percentage of Lot Coverage: All buildings on a building site,
including accessory buildings and the additional area enclosed by a
fence, the nature of which obstructs view through it, shall not
cover a total of more than thirty percent (30%) of the building
site, except with the prior express written approval of the
Architectural Committee.

8. Permissible Building - Order of Construction: A11 buildings
erected on any building site shall be constructed of material of
good quality suitably adapted for use in the construction of
residences, and no old building or buildings shall be placed on or
moved to said premises. Accessory buildings shall not be erected,
constructed, or maintained prior the erection or construction of the
dwelling. The provisions herein shall not apply to temporary
buildings and structures erected by builders in connection with the
construction of any dwelling or accessory building and which are
promptly removed upon completion of such dwelling or accessory
building.

9. Non-Occupancy and Diligence during Construction: The work of
construction of any building or structure shall be prosecuted
diligently and continuously from the time of commencement until the
exterior construction shall be fully completed and the interior
construction is substantially completed, and no such building or
structure shall be occupied during the course of original exterior
construction or until made to comply with the restrictions and
conditions set forth herein. No excavation except as is necessary
for the construction of improvements shall be permitted. No partial
construction shall be suspended for more than twenty (20) working
days.

10. Maintenance of Lot Site during Construction: During the course
of construction all materials and equipment shall be stored only on
the lot on which construction is underway; debris and waste involved
in the construction shall be confined to the lot on which
construction is underway and shall be removed from the premises each
Saturday or be suitably covered. Lightweight debris shall be stored
in containers to avoid blowing upon adjacent lots. No burning shall
take place, of debris, upon the premises except with the permission
of a representative of the Developer, Josef C. Hallbeck. The intent
of this covenant is to maintain and preserve a clean and neat
appearance in the Subdivision at all times. A lot owner or lot
purchaser violating this covenant individually or through his
contractor may be assessed by the subdivider or the Homeowner's
Association up to $10 per day for violations, if any, occurring
after notice is given of any prior violation.

11. Temporary Structures: No structure of a temporary character,
trailer, basement, tent, shack, garage, barn, or other outbuilding
shall be used on any lot at any time as a residence either
temporarily or permanently.

12. Signs: No sign of any kind shall be displayed to the public view
on any lot except one professional sign of not more than one square
foot, one sign of not more than five square feet advertising the
property for sale or rent, or signs used by the builder during
construction which are attached to the building, or signs of the
Developer.

13. Oil and Mining Operations: No oil drilling, oil development
operations, oil refining, quarrying, or mining operations of any
kind shall be permitted upon or in any lot, and no oil wells, tanks,
tunnels, mineral excavations or shafts shall be permitted upon or in
any lot. No derrick or other structure designed for use in boring
for oil or natural gas shall be erected, maintained, or permitted
upon any lot.

No person, firm, or corporation shall strip, excavate, or otherwise
remove soil for sale or for use other than on the premises from
which the same shall be taken, except in connection with the
construction or alteration of a building on such premises and
excavation or grading incidental thereto.

14. Livestock and Poultry: No animals, livestock, or poultry of any
kind shall be raised, bred, or kept on any lot, except that no more
than two dogs, cats, or other common household pets may be kept
provided that they are not kept, bred, or maintained for any
commercial purpose.

15. Garbage and Refuse Disposal: No lot shall be used or maintained
as a dumping ground for rubbish. Trash, garbage, grass, or other
cuttings and other waste shall be kept only in sanitary containers
and shall not be dumped upon any other lot in the subdivision. All
incinerators or other equipment for the storage or disposal of such
material shall be kept in a clean and sanitary condition and stored
in a manner either inside a garage or other building or below ground
so as not to be visible from other property.

16. Storage: No building material of any kind or character shall be
placed or stored upon a building site until the owner is ready to
commence improvements in compliance with an approved architectural
plan and then such materials shall be placed within the property
lines of the building site upon which improvements are to be
erected. 

17. Street Sight Line Obstruction: No fence, wall, hedge, or shrub
planting which obstructs sight lines at elevations between two and
six feet above the roadways shall be placed or permitted to remain
on any corner lot within the triangular area formed by the street
right-of-way lines extended. Further, none of the above described
obstructions shall be placed or permitted to remain in the
triangular area formed by a street right-of-way line, either edge of
any driveway, and a line connecting a point thirty (30) feet outward
from either side of a driveway and a point on the edge of the
driveway toward the building fifteen (15) feet from the street
right-of-way line.

18. Sewerage System: A sanitary sewer system has been installed in
the subdivision and, therefore, no individual sewage disposal system
shall be installed or maintained on any lot.

19. Off-Street Parking: All property owners shall provide either a
garage for the number of automobiles in use by the residents on the
property. All property owners or residents in the Subdivision owning
or possessing trucks, trailers, campers, boats, motorcycles or motor
homes which they desire to park in the Subdivision shall provide and
use an enclosed garage for the storage of same when not in motion.

20. Sidewalks and Driveways: Each property owner shall repair,
including breaks or cracks, and maintain in good condition any
sidewalk provided for his respective lot until such time as the
responsibility for repair and maintenance has been accepted by
public authorities. Driveways between sidewalks and residence must
be paved with concrete or asphalt. Driveways between the sidewalk
and street and sidewalks encompassed by driveways shall be paved
with concrete or asphalt, or Portland cement, minimum of six (6)
inch thickness.

21. Post Lantern: Each lot owner shall, upon actual occupancy of his
lot, install and maintain an electric post lantern within ten (10)
feet of the intersection of his driveway and street right-of-way.
The lantern shall be illuminated during the hours of darkness and
shall be equipped with an automatic control device for this purpose.
The lantern shall be equipped with appropriate lights having an
equivalent minimum of seventy-five (75) watts.

22. Satellite Dishes. Antennas and Other Equipment: No satellite
dishes, antennas, transmitting or broadcasting equipment,
appurtenances thereto, or similar equipment, shall be placed,
stored, kept or used upon any lot at any time, either temporarily or
permanently.

23. Nuisances: No noxious or offensive activity shall be car d on
upon any lot, nor shall anything be done thereon which may be or may
become an annoyance or nuisance to the neighborhood; weeds on vacant
lots shall be cut between May 1 and November 1 in each year whenever
the height of such weeds exceeds twelve (12) inches. If the lot
owner fails to do so, the Architectural Committee may cause weeds to
be cut and a lien may be filed against the property for weed mowing,
not to exceed $50.00 per cutting. Lot owners shall endeavor to keep
lots clean of debris and waste materials so as to preserve a neat
appearance in the Subdivision. 

24. Waiver: The failure of the Architectural Committee, any building
site owner or the present owner of said Subdivision to enforce any
of the restrictions, conditions, covenants, reservations, liens, or
charges to which said property, or any part thereof, is subject,
shall in no event be deemed a waiver of the right to do so
thereafter or to enforce any other restriction, condition, covenant,
reservation lien or charge.

25. Term and Amendments: Except as provided in Paragraphs 30, these
covenants are to run with the land and shall be binding upon all
parties and all persons under them for a period of twenty-five (25)
years from the date these covenants shall be automatically extended
for successive periods of ten (10) years unless an instrument signed
by a person or persons then owning a majority of the platted lots in
LINCOLNSHIRE FIELDS NORTHWEST III has been recorded, agreeing to
change said covenants in whole or in part, except as to requirements
imposed under the Annexation Agreement.

26. Annexation Agreement: The owners of Lots 105 and 106 are
required to annex their property to the City of Champaign as
provided in the Annexation Agreement and otherwise conform to the
requirements of said Annexation Agreement.

27. Maintenance of Storm Detention Easement and Basin Area: All
maintenance, including future maintenance, of the storm detention
easement area as shown on Plat as a part of Lot 105, and the storm
detention basin to be located thereon, shall be the responsibility
of the owner or owners of Lot 105.

28. Enforcement: Enforcement shall be by proceedings at law or in
equity against any person or persons violating or attempting to
violate any covenant, either to restrain violation or to recover
damages. The Homeowner’s Association shall also have the power to
seek appropriate remedy for the enforcement of these covenants. The
City of Champaign, Illinois, shall have the right to enforce
applicable provisions of the Annexation Agreement.

29. Authority to Release Rights: The owners of legal title of record
of eighty percent (80%) of the building sites in LINCOLNSHIRE FIELDS
NORTHWEST III shall have the authority at any time to release all
or, from time to time, any part of the restrictions, conditions,
covenants, reservations, liens, or charges herein set forth
applicable to such area and upon the recording of such waiver or
release in the Recorder's Office of Champaign County, Illinois, such
restrictions, conditions, covenants, reservations, liens, or charges
shall no longer be required under the provisions herein set forth.
This authority to release rights shall not be applicable to
requirements imposed under the Annexation Agreement.

30. Homeowner's Association: It is understood that all lot owners
shall be members of the Lincolnshire Fields Homeowner's Association,
a not for profit corporation organized under the laws of the State
of Illinois. All lot owners in LINCOLNSHIRE FIELDS NORTHWEST III
agree to accept membership in said association and to abide and be
bound by the reasonable rules and regulations of said association
and to maintain membership therein so long as such lot ownership is
retained. Each owner-member shall be subject to assessment for
annual dues to the association not to exceed $25.00 unless a larger
amount is approved by the owners of 80% of the lots. Lot 105 shall
be subject to requirements of contracted fire protection service by
the City of Champaign upon occupancy of a structure at any time
pursuant to the Annexation Agreement.

Accordingly, the Homeowner's Association shall have the following
powers:

(a) Authority to enforce these covenants.

(b) Authority to levy dues assessments.

The foregoing provisions contained in 30 shall not apply to Owner
herein, the Champaign National Bank, Trustee under Trust Number
030-878-672, except those required by the Annexation Agreement.

31. Construction: If it shall at any time be held that any of the
restrictions, conditions, covenants, reservations, liens, or charges
herein provided, or any part thereof, is invalid or for any reason
becomes unenforceable, no other restrictions, conditions, covenants,
reservations, liens, or charges, or any part thereof, shall be
thereby affected or impaired.

32. Interpretation Consistent with Annexation Agreement: Application
of any provision contained herein, and an interpretation thereof,
shall be consistent with the Annexation Agreement.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, this instrument has been executed by the Owner
of that tract of real estate included in LINCOLNSHIRE FIELDS
NORTHWEST III, an Addition to Champaign County, Illinois, the same
being the Champaign National Bank, as Trustee and not individually,
which has caused its corporate seal to be affixed hereto and caused
its name to be signed to these presents by its President and
attested by its Trust Officer this 25th day of June, 1991 at
Champaign, Illinois.

                        SEE EXCULPATORY CLAUSE ATTACHED

                  THE CHAMPAIGN NATIONAL BANK, as Trustee as
aforesaid and not individually,

                        By: ____________________________________
                      President 
(Seal)

ATTEST: ________________________________
          Trust Officer


STATE OF ILLINOIS   )
      )  SS
COUNTY OF CHAMPAIGN   )

I, the undersigned, a Notary Public in aforesaid county, in the
State aforesaid, DO HEREBY CERTIFY THAT Robert Wail ace and Robert
Cochran, to me personally known to be President and Trust Officer,
respectively, of the Champaign National Bank, a corporation, and
also known to me to be the persons whose names are subscribed to the
foregoing instrument, appeared before me this day in person and
acknowledged that as such officers, respectively, they signed,
sealed, and delivered the said instrument as the free and voluntary
act of said Bank for the uses and purposes therein set forth, and
that they were duly authorized to execute the same by the Board of
Directors of said Bank..

Given under my hand and notarial seal this 25th day of June, 1991.


                                                      _________________________________
                  Notary Public 


RIDER ATTACHED TO AND MADE A PART OF THE

Lincolnshire Fields Northwest III
An Addition to the Champaign County Protective Covenants
Owner's Certificate
Dated  June 25, 1991   Under Trust No. 030-878-672

It is expressly understood and agreed by and between the parties
hereto, anything herein to the contrary notwithstanding, that each
and all of the warranties, indemnities, representations, covenants,
undertakings and agreements herein made on the part of the Trustee
are nevertheless each and every one of them, made and intended not
as personal warranties, indemnities, representations, covenants,
undertakings and agreements by the Trust or for the purpose or with
the intention of binding said Trustee personally by are made and
intended for the purpose of binding only that portion of the trust
property specifically described herein, and this instrument is
executed and delivered by said Trustee not in its own right, but
solely in the exercise of the powers conferred upon it as such
Trustee; and that no personal liability or personal responsibility
is assumed by nor shall at any fine be asserted or enforceable
against the CHAMPAIGN NATIONAL BANK on account of any warranty,
indemnity, representation, covenant, undertaking or agreement of the
said Trustee in this instrument contained, either expressed or
implied, all such personal liability, if any, being expressly waived
and released.

</pre>
