---
layout: main
title: COVENANTS LINCOLNSHIRE FIELDS NORTH
---

<pre>
        A Subdivision in Champaign County, Illinois
          Protective Covenants

STATE OF ILLINOIS   )
        ) SS.
COUNTY OF CHAMPAIGN   )


          OWNERS CERTIFICATE

JOSEF C. HALLBECK and HELEN M. HALLBECK being the legal owners of
lands located as follows:  Commencing at the intersection of the
East Right-of-Way line of Byrnebruk Road and the North line of Lot
20 of Lincolnshire Fields West I, recorded as Document No. 72R30l0
in Plat Book "X" at Page 85 in the Office of the Recorder of
Champaign County, Illinois; thence proceed North 0~00'00" East
(local bearing) 100.00 feet along the East Right-of-Way line of said
Byrnebruk Road to the true point of beginning; thence North 1~26'02"
West 3.00 feet; thence North 2~51'45" West 197.25 feet; thence North
90~00'00" East 100.00 feet; thence North 16~02'35 East 181.50 feet;
thence North 67~56'03" East 334.25 feet; thence North 0~00'00" East
60.00 feet; thence North 71~48'00" West 235.44 feet; thence North
67~49'29" Hast 60.00 feet; thence North 78~46'30" West 185.15 feet;
thence North 71~57'14" West 149.42 feet; thence North 70~06'16" West
60.00 feet; thence South 19~53'44" West 15.00 feet; thence North
70~06'16" West 120.00 feet; thence North 19~27'43" East 17.10 feet;
thence North 5~45'53" East 25.63 feet; thence North 77~31'16" West
180.00 feet; thence around the arc of a curve to the right having a
long chord with a course and length of South 14~26'06" West 35.85
feet, a central angle of 3~54'48", a radius of 525.00 feet for a
distance of 35.86 feet; thence North 81~17'51" West 122.75 feet;
thence South 33~41'24" West 522.80 feet; thence South 0~00'00" West;
130.00 feet, thence North 90~00'00" East 205.00 feet; thence South
63 25'46" East 469.64 feet, thence North 26~32'17" East 139.80 feet;
thence North 90~00'OO" East 157.50 feet; thence South 2~51'45" East
200.25 feet; thence North 90~00'00" East 60.00 feet to the true
point of beginning encompassing 14.14 acres more or less situated in
the West one-half of Section 21, Township 19 North, Range 8 East of
the Third Principal Meridian, Champaign County, Illinois.

It is hereby provided that all conveyances of property hereinafter
made in said Subdivision by the present or future owners of any of
the lands described in said Surveyor's Certificate for said
Subdivision shall, by adopting the above description of said land as
platted, be taken and understood as if incorporating in all such
conveyances without repeating the same, the following restrictions,
as applicable:


          DEFINITIONS

For the purpose of this declaration, certain words and terms are
hereby defined.

Accessory Building:  Separate building or buildings located on the
same building site and which are incidental to the main building or
to the main use of the premises.

Building Area: That portion of a building site within which the
construction and maintenance of main buildings is permitted.

Building Site:  A portion of the sub-division consisting of at least
ninety-five percent (95%) of one entire lot, as platted.

Dwelling: Any building occupied or designed to be occupied by one or
more dwelling units.

Dwelling Unit:  A suite of two or more rooms in a building designed
for or used by one family only.

Dwelling, Single Family:  A detached dwelling containing only one
dwelling unit.

Ground Floor Area:  That portion of a dwelling which is built over a
basement or foundation above surrounding grade but not over any
other portion of the dwelling.


          AREA OF APPLICATION

The proposed covenants below, in their entirety, shall apply to Lots
1 through 29, inclusive, as shown on the plat of said subdivision.


          COVENANTS

  1. Allowable Structures:  No structure shall be erected, altered,
placed, or permitted to remain on any building site other than one
detached single family dwelling, a private garage for not more than
three (3) cars, and other accessory buildings incidental to
residential use.

  2. Architectural Control:
    a.  Committee Membership:  The Architectural Control Committee
is composed of:
              Josef C. Hallbeck 
              Keith Whitmer

    A majority of the committee may designate a representative to
make its report. In the event of death or resignation of any member
of the committee, the remaining members shall have full authority to
designate a successor. For each ten (10) lots sold or contracted for
sale, the lot purchasers, as a group, shall be entitled to name one
of the two members of the Architectural Control Committee. At any
time, the then record owners of a majority of the lots in
Lincolnshire Fields North shall have the power, through a duly
recorded written instrument, to change the membership of the
committee.

    b. Powers:  It is the purpose of Architectural Control to
promote the residential development of Lincolnshire Fields North
subdivision, and to enhance property values therein; therefore, the
Architectural Control Committee shall have the right and power to
reject approval of plans submitted if they do not, in the
committee's opinion, benefit and enhance the residential development
of the area; such approval, however, shall not be unreasonably
withheld.

    The Architectural Committee shall have the power to reduce
side-yard requirements by not more than twenty-five percent (25%) of
the required side-yard and to reduce the front and rear yard
requirements by not more than ten percent (10%) of the applicable
required front or rear yard; the Committee shall have the further
power to reduce minimum dwelling size requirements where the size,
shape, and location of the lot warrants such variance in the opinion
of the Architectural Committee.

      (1) Building Plats, etc.:  No building, dwelling, fence, or
other structure or excavation shall be erected, constructed, altered
or maintained upon, under or above or moved upon any part of said
subdivision unless the plans and specifications thereof, showing the
proposed construction, nature, kind, shape, height, material, and
color scheme thereof, and building elevations, and a plot plan
showing lot lines, boundaries of the building site, distance from
the boundaries of the bui1ding site to, the buildings and the
grading plan of the building site shall have been submitted to and
approved by the Architectural Committee, and until a copy of such
plans and specifications, plot plan and grading plan, as finally
approved, is deposited for permanent record with the Architectural
Committee.

      (2) Approval by Architectural Committee:  The Architectural
Committee shall, upon request, and after satisfactory completion of
improvements, issue its certificate of completion. If the Committee
fails to approve or reject any plan or matter requiring approval
within thirty (30) days after plans or specifications have been
submitted to it, or in any event if no suit to enjoin construction
has been commenced prior to the completion thereof, approval shall
be conclusively presumed and the related covenants shall be deemed
to have been fully complied with.

      (3) Right of Inspection:  During any construction or
alteration required to be approved by the Architectural Committee,
any member of the Architectural Committee, or any agent of such
Committee, shall have the right to enter upon and inspect, during
reasonable hours, any building site embraced within said Subdivision
and the improvements thereon, for the purpose of ascertaining
whether or not the provisions herein set forth have been and are
being fully complied with and shall not be deemed guilty of trespass
by reason thereof.

      (4) Waiver of Liability:  The approval by the Architectural
Committee of any plans and specifications, plot plan, grading, or
other plan or matter requiring approval as herein provided, shall
not be deemed to be a waiver by the said Committee of its right to
withhold approval as to similar other features or elements embodied
therein when subsequently submitted for approval in connection with
the same building site or any other building site. Neither the said
Committee nor any member thereof, nor the present owner of said real
estate, shall be in any way responsible or liable for the loss or
damage, for any error or defect which may or may not be shown on any
plans and specifications or on any plot or grading plan, or planting
or other plan, or any building or structure or work done in
accordance with any other matter, whether or not the same has been
approved by the said Committee or any member thereof, or the present
owner of said real estate.

      (5) Constructive Evidence of Action by Architectural
Committee:  Any title company or person certifying, guaranteeing, or
insuring title to any building site, lot or parcel in such
Subdivision, or any lien thereon or interest therein, shall be fully
justified in relying upon the contents of the certificate signed by
any member of the Architectural Committee and such certificate shall
fully protect any purchaser or encumbrancer in good faith in acting
thereon.

  3. Minimum Dwelling - Quality and Size: It is the intent and
purpose of these covenants to assure that all dwellings shall be of
the quality of workmanship and materials substantially the same or
better than that which can be produced on the date these covenants
are recorded. For single family dwellings, the ground floor area
above surrounding grade or the main structure, exclusive of open
porches and garage, shall be not less than 1900 square feet, for a
dwelling of less than two stories ; in the event the main structure
is a two-story dwelling, the ground floor area, exclusive of open
porches and garage, shall be not less than 1,000 square feet, and
the total required floor area shall not be less than 2,000 square
feet, exclusive of open porches and garage.

  4. Building Location: No building shall be located on any lot
nearer than thirty-five (35) feet to the front street right-of-way
or nearer than thirty-five (35) feet to the rear lot line except
Lots 66, 67 and 68 shall be located not nearer than twenty-five (25)
feet to the front street right-of-way; no part of a dwelling shall
be located nearer to a side lot line than twelve (12) feet unless a
different distance is set forth on the recorded plat. With respect
to all lots, no structures or fences shall be, erected in the front
set back lines. With respect to lots bordering upon the golf course,
no structures or fences or planting shall be erected in the rear
thirty-five (35) feet thereof except with the permission of the
Architectural Committee. It is the intent of this covenant to
provide a reasonable view of the golf course to all owners of lots
bordering upon the golf course; it is not intended to prohibit all
structures, fences, and planting, but merely to control the nature
and extent thereof.

  Where a building site consists of more than one lot, the above
provisions shall be applicable to the boundary lines of a building
site rather than the platted lot lines. Accordingly, the
Architectural Committee sha11 have the power to increase the side
yard requirements to a minimum of fifteen percent (15%) of the width
of the building site at the building set, back line where the
building site consists of more than one lot; this power is in
addition to the power of the Architectural Committee set forth in
Paragraph 2, Subparagraph (b) above.

  5. Dwellings per Building Site:  Only one dwelling structure shall
be constructed per building site; no replatting or subdividing of
these lots shall be permitted, the effect of which would be to
reduce the area and width below ninety percent (90%) of the area and
width as platted.

  6. Easements:  Easements for installation and maintenance of
underground utilities and drainage facilities are reserved as noted
on the recorded plat and also upon the front ten (10) feet of all
lots. NO building or outside facility within the Subdivision shall
be supplied with utility service lines above the surface of the
ground. Each lot owner shall grant a written casement for such
underground service upon request of the interested utility. No
structures, walls, fences, plantings, or any materials shall be
placed, planted, or permitted to remain within the platted easements
or public ways which may damage or interfere with the installation,
operation, or maintenance of the utilities. All utilities serving
this subdivision and all connections made thereto shall be located
beneath the surface of the ground, excepting there from transformer
installations and service pedestals. Required above ground
appurtenances to the underground utility system shall be located
within six (6) feet of the side lot lines.

  7. Percentage of Lot Coverage:  All buildings on a building site,
including accessory buildings and the additional area enclosed by a
fence, the nature of which obstructs view through it, shall not
cover a total of more than thirty percent (30%) of the building
site, except with the prior express written approval of the
Architectural Committee.

  8. Permissible Building - Order of Construction:  All buildings
erected on any building site shall be constructed of material of
good quality suitably adapted for use in the construction of
residences, and no old building or buildings shall be placed on or
moved to said premises. Accessory buildings shall not be erected,
constructed, or maintained prior to the erection or construction of
the dwelling. The provisions herein shall not apply to temporary
buildings and structures erected by builders in connection with the
construction of any dwelling or accessory building and which are
promptly removed upon completion of such dwelling or accessory
building.

  9. Non-Occupancy and Diligence during Construction:  The work of
construction of any building or structure shall be prosecuted
diligently and continuously from the time of commencement until the
exterior construction shall be fully completed and the interior
construction is substantially completed, and no such building or
structure shall be occupied during the course of original exterior
construction or until made to comply with the restrictions and
conditions set forth herein. No excavation except as is necessary
for the construction of improvements shall be permitted. No partial
construction shall be suspended for more than twenty (20) working
days.

  10. Maintenance of Lot Site during Construction:  During the
course of construction ail materials and equipment shall be stored
only on the lot on which construction is underway; debris and waste
involved in the construction shall be confined to the lot on which
construction is underway and shall be removed from the premises each
Saturday or be suitably covered. Lightweight debris shall be stored
in containers to avoid blowing upon adjacent lots. No burning shall
take place, of debris, upon the premises except with the permission
of a representative of Lincolnshire Fields Development Co. The
intent of this covenant is to maintain and preserve a clean and neat
appearance in the Subdivision at all times. A lot owner or lot
purchaser violating this covenant individually or through his
contractor may be assessed by the subdivider or the Homeowner's
Association up to $10 per day for violations, if any, occurring
after notice is given of any prior violation.

  11. Temporary Structures:  No structure of a temporary character,
trailer, basement, tent, shack, garage, barn, or other outbuilding
shall be used on any lot at any time as a residence either
temporarily or permanently.

  12. Signs:  No sign of any kind shall be displayed to the public
view on any lot except one professional sign of not more than one
square foot, one sign of not more than five square feet advertising
the property for sale or rent, or signs used by the builder during
construction which are attached to the building, or signs of the
Developer.

  13. Oil and Mining Operations: No oil drilling, oil development
operations, oil refining, quarrying, or mining operations of any
kind shall be permitted upon or in any lot, and no oil wells, tanks,
tunnels, mineral excavations or shafts shall be permitted upon or in
any lot. No derrick or other structure designed for use in boring
for oil or natural gas shall be erected, maintained, or permitted
upon any lot.

  No person, firm, or corporation shall strip, excavate, or
otherwise remove soil for sale or for use other than on the premises
from which the same shall be taken, except in connection with the
construction or alteration of a building on such premises and
excavation or grading incidental thereto.

  14. Livestock and Poultry:  No animals, livestock, or poultry of
any kind shall be raised, bred, or kept on any lot, except that no
more than two dogs, cats, or other common household pets may be kept
provided that they are not kept, bred, or maintained for any
commercial purpose.

  15. Garbage and Refuse Disposal: No lot shall be used or
maintained as a dumping ground for rubbish. Trash, garbage, grass,
or other cuttings and other waste shall be kept only in sanitary
containers and shall not be dumped upon any other lot in the
subdivision. All incinerators or other equipment for the storage or
disposal of such material shall be kept in a clean and sanitary
condition and stored in a manner either inside a garage or other
building or below ground so as not to be visible from other
property.

  16. Storage:  No building material of any kind or character shall
be placed or stored upon a building site until the owner is ready to
commence improvements in compliance with an approved architectural
plan and then such materials shall be placed within the property
lines of the building site upon which improvements are to be
erected.

  17. Street Sight Line Obstruction:  No fence, wall, hedge, or
shrub planting which obstructs sight lines at elevations between two
and six feet above the roadways shall be placed or permitted to
remain on any corner lot within the triangular area formed by the
street right-of-way lines extended. Further, none of the above
described obstructions shall be placed or permitted to remain in the
triangular area formed by a street right-of-way line, either edge of
any driveway, and a line connecting a point thirty (30) feet outward
from either side of a driveway and a point on the edge of the
driveway towards the building fifteen (15) feet from the street
right-of-way line.

  18. Sewerage System:  A sanitary sewer system has been installed
in the subdivision and, therefore, no individual Sewage disposal
system shall be installed or maintained on any lot.

  19. Off-street Parking:  All property owners shall provide either
a garage or carport for the number of automobiles in use by the
residents on the property. All property owners or residents in the
Subdivision owning or possessing trucks, trailers, campers, boats,
motorcycles or motor homes which they desire to park in the
Subdivision shall provide and use an enclosed garage for the storage
of same when not in motion.

  20. Sidewalks and Driveways:  Each property owner shall repair and
maintain in good condition any sidewalk provided for his respective
lot until such time as the responsibility for repair and maintenance
has been accepted by public authorities.  Driveways between public
walk and residence must be paved with concrete or asphalt. Driveways
between the sidewalk and street shall be paved with concrete or
asphalt, or Portland Cement, minimum of five (5) inch thickness.

  21. Nuisances: No noxious or offensive activity shall be carried
on upon any lot, nor shall anything be done thereon which may be or
may become an annoyance or nuisance to the neighborhood; weeds on
vacant lots shall be cut between June 1 and October 1 in each year
whenever the length of such weeds exceeds twelve (12) inches.  If
the lot owner fails to do so the Architectural Committee may cause
weeds to be cut and a lien may be filed against the property for
weed mowing, not to exceed $25 per cutting.  Lot owners shall
endeavor to keep lots clean of debris and waste materials so as to
preserve a neat appearance in the Subdivision.

  22. Waiver:  The failure of the Architectural Committee, any
building site owner or the present owner of said Subdivision to
enforce any of the restrictions, conditions, covenants,
reservations, liens, or charges to which said property, or any part
thereof, is subject, shall in no event be deemed a waiver of the
right to do so thereafter or to enforce any other restriction,
condition, covenant, reservation lien or charge.


  23. Dedication: Josef C. Hallbeck and Helen M. Hallbeck hereby
grant and dedicate for the use of the public as streets, drives, and
sidewalks, all of the streets, drives, and sidewalks shown on said
plat, and each of said streets and drives shall be hereafter known
by the respective names designated  thereon reserving, however, unto
Josef C. Hallbeck and Helen M. Hallbeck and their successors and
assigns, permanent easements as set forth above, and also across or
under all streets, drives, and sidewalks shown on said plat for the
installation and maintenance of storm drains, sanitary sewers, tile,
water, and gas mains, and electric and telephone lines; provided
further that no person or member of the public shall at any time in
the future use any part of the streets, drives, or sidewalks for the
purpose of running any sewer or sanitary tile on, under, or across
said streets or drives without the written permission of Joseph C.
Hallbeck and Helen M. Hallbeck and their successors and assigns.


  24. Term:  Except as provided in Paragraph 26, these covenants are
to run with the land and shall be binding upon all parties and all
persons under them for a period of twenty-five (25) years from the
date these covenants are recorded, after which time said covenants
shall be automatically extended for successive periods of ten (10)
years unless an instrument signed by a person or persons then owning
a majority of the platted lots in Lincolnshire Fields North has been
recorded, agreeing to change said covenants in whole or in part.

  25. Enforcement:  Enforcement shall be by proceedings at law or in
equity against any person or persons violating or attempting to
violate any covenant, either to restrain violation or to recover
damages. The Homeowner's Association shall also have the power to
seek appropriate remedy for the enforcement of these covenants.

  26. Authority to Release Rights:  The owners of legal title of
record of eighty percent (80%) of the building sites in Lincolnshire
Fields North shall have the authority at any time to release all or,
from time to time, any part of the restrictions, conditions,
covenants, reservations, liens, or charges herein set forth
applicable to such area and upon the recording of such waiver or
release in the Recorder's Office of Champaign County, Illinois, such
restrictions, conditions, covenants, reservations, liens, or charges
shall no longer be required under the provisions herein set forth.

  27. Homeowner's Association:  It is understood that all lot owners
shall be members of the Lincolnshire Fields Homeowner's Association,
a not for profit corporation organized under the laws of the State
of Illinois. All lot owners in Lincolnshire Fields North agree to
accept membership in said association and to abide and be bound by
the reasonable rules and regulations of said association and to
maintain membership therein so long as such lot ownership is
retained. Each owner-member shall be subject to assessment for
annual dues to the association not to exceed $25.00 unless a larger
amount is approved by the owners of 80% of the lots. It is further
specifically understood that fire service protection shall be
contracted for the subdivision through the Homeowner's Association
and that each lot, when improved with a residence, will be subject
to an assessment for its pro rata share of the expense of the
contract with the fire department and for fire hydrant rental
commencing with the beginning of construction.

  Accordingly, the Homeowner's Association shall have the following
powers:

    (a) Authority to enforce these covenants.

    (b) Authority to levy a fire  protection assessment and to have
the assessment collected as part of real estate taxes.

    (c) Authority to levy dues assessments.

  28. Post Lantern: Each lot owner shall, upon actual occupancy of
his lot, install and maintain an electric post lantern within ten
(10) feet of the intersection of his driveway and street
right-of-way. The lantern shall be illuminated during the hours of
darkness and shall be equipped with an automatic control device for
this purpose. The lantern shall be equipped with appropriate lights
having an equivalent minimum of seventy-five (75) watts.

  29. Construction: If it shall at any time be held that any of the
restrictions, conditions, covenants, reservations, liens, or charges
herein provided, or any part thereof, is invalid or for any reason
becomes unenforceable, no other restrictions, conditions, covenants,
reservations, liens, or charges, or any part thereof, shall be
thereby affected or impaired.



IN WITNESS WHEREOF, this instrument has been executed by the
Developers of Lincolnshire Fields North.

  DATED at Champaign, Illinois, this day of     March, 1978.


          _______________________________
            Joseph C. Hallbeck


          _______________________________
            Helen M. Hallbeck

</pre>
