---
layout: main
title: COVENANTS LINCOLNSHIRE FIELDS NORTHWEST II
---

<pre>

            An Addition to Champaign County, Illinois
              Protective Covenants

STATE OF ILLINOIS   )
                    )   SS 
COUNTY OF CHAMPAIGN )

OWNER'S CERTIFICATE

THE CHAMPAIGN NATIONAL BANK, a Corporation, of Champaign, Illinois,
as Trustee Under Trust Agreement dated August 6, 1986, end known as
Trust No. 030-877-971, and as the record and legal owner of certain
real estate, makes this Certificate as to such real estate described
as follows:

A tract of land being situated in the West one-half of Section 21,
Township 19 North, Range 8 East of the Third Principal Meridian in
Champaign County, Illinois, being more particularly described as
follows:

Commencing at the West Quarter corner of said Section 21, proceed
thence North 0° 29' 12" West along the West line of said Northwest
Quarter of Section 21, a distance of 953.63 feet, to the True Point
of Beginning, said point also being the Northwest corner of a tract
of land recorded in the Recorder' s Office of Champaign County,
Illinois, as Document No. 74 R 15863 in Book 1043 at Page 210;
thence continuing North 0° 29'    12" West along said West line, a
distance of 1036.28 feet to the Southwest corner of Arrowfeather,
being a subdivision in Champaign County, Illinois; thence proceed
South 89 ° 03 ' 42" East along the South line of said Arrowfeather
Subdivision, a distance of 663.55 feet to the Southwest corner of
Alpha Tau Omega Subdivision situated in Champaign County, Illinois;
thence continuing South 89 ° 03' 42" East along the South line of
said Alpha Tau Omega Subdivision, a distance of 663.55 feet to the
Southeast corner of said Alpha Tau Omega Subdivision; thence proceed
South 12° 50' 27" East, a distance of 122.84 feet; thence proceed
Northeasterly along an arc the left having a radius of 220.00 feet,
an arc length of 111.99 feet, a chord length of 110.79 feet, with a
bearing of North 50° 57' 03" East; thence proceed South 53° 37' 58"
East, a distance of 260.00 feet more or less to the centerline of
Copper Slough Drainage Ditch; thence proceed Southwesterly along the
centerline of said Drainage Ditch, a distance of 161.86 feet more or
less to the Northerly line of Lincolnshire Fields Country Club Golf
Course; thence proceed South 88° 23' 50" West along said Northerly
line of said Lincolnshire Fields Country Club Golf Course, a
distance of 30.00 feet more or less; thence proceed South 84° 18'
25" West along said Northerly line of said Lincolnshire Fields
Country Club Golf Course, a distance of 502. 01 feet to a Westerly
line of said Lincolnshire Fields Country Club Golf Course; thence
proceed South 11° 44' 13" West, along said Westerly line of
Lincolnshire Fields Country Club Golf Course a distance of 204.16
feet; thence proceed South 0° 01' 52" West along said Westerly line
of Lincolnshire Fields Country Club Golf Course, a distance of
316.89 feet to the Northeast corner of Lot 28 in Lincolnshire Fields
Northwest, an Addition to Champaign County, Illinois recorded in the
Recorder's Office of Champaign County, Illinois as Document No . 86
R 25603 in Plat Book AA at Page 78; thence proceed South 88° 49' 55"
West along a Northerly line of said Lincolnshire Fields Northwest a
distance of 197.97 feet; thence proceed South 01° 10' 05" East along
a Northerly line of said Lincolnshire Fields Northwest a distance of
29.59 feet; thence proceed South 88° 49' 55" West along a Northerly
line of said Lincolnshire Fields Northwest a distance of 114.00
feet; thence proceed South 01° 10' 05" East along a Northerly line
of said Lincolnshire Fields Northwest a distance cot 78.21 feet;
thence proceed South 88° 42' 03" West along a Northerly 1ine of said
Lincolnshire Fields Northwest a distance of 292.96 feet; thence
proceed North 0° 29' 12" West along a Northerly line of said
Lincolnshire Fields Northwest a distance of 46.12 feet; thence
proceed South 89° 30' 48" West along a Northerly line of said
Lincolnshire Fields Northwest a distance of 185.00 feet; thence
proceed South 0° 29' 12" East along a Northerly 1ine of said
Lincolnshire Fields Northwest a distance of 24.42 feet; thence
proceed North 89° 57' 06" West a distance of 5.00 feet to the
Northeast corner of a tract of land recorded in the Recorder's
Office of Champaign County, Illinois as Document No. 74 R 15863 in
Book 1043 at Page 210; thence continuing North 89° 57' 06" West
along a Northerly line of said tract a distance of 200.00 feet to
the True Point of Beginning, encompassing 27.588 Acres more or less. 

Owner states that the same was caused to be surveyed and platted by
Stephen A. Kurth, an Illinois Registered Land Surveyor No. 1945, and
the undersigned does hereby adopt, ratify and confirm the plat
prepared by said surveyor and name such subdivided real estate
"LINCOLNSHIRE FIELDS NORTHWEST II, an addition to Champaign County,
Illinois", and the undersigned does hereby dedicate the tracts shown
on the plat as streets, namely, "Pinecrest Road", "Porterfield
Drive", "Bentbrook Drive", and "Riverknoll Drive", and that part set
aside as easements to the public, for public use, and the
undersigned does dedicate for public use all of the utilities such
as water mains, storm sewers and sanitary sewers to the public for
public use forever.

Each of said lots in said subdivision on which there appears a
broken line designated as "Easement for Public Utilities and/or
Drainage" is subject to a permanent easement five, ten or proper
feet and width as shown thereon for the installation and maintenance
of gas, telephone and power lines, water and sewers, and any other
utilities which may be needed for the benefit of any or all of the
lots in said subdivision.

It is hereby provided that all conveyances of property hereinafter
made in said subdivision by the present or future owners of any of
the lands described in said Surveyor's Certificate for said
subdivision shall, by adopting the above description of said land as
platted, be taken and understood as if incorporating in all such
conveyances without repeating the same, the following restrictions,
as applicable:

            DEFINITIONS

For the purpose of this declaration, certain words and terms are
hereby defined.

Accessory Building: Separate building or buildings located on the
same building site and which are incidental to the main building or
to primary use of the premises.

Building Area: That portion of a building site within which the
construction and maintenance of main buildings is permitted.

Building Site: A portion of the subdivision consisting of at least
ninety-five percent (95%) of one entire lot, as platted.

Dwelling: Any building occupied or designed to be occupied by and
used exclusively for a residence by a single family.

Ground Floor Area: That portion of a dwelling which is built over a
basement or foundation above surrounding grade but not over any
other portion of the dwelling.

               AREA OF APPLICATION

The proposed covenants below, in their entirety, shall apply to Lots
42 through 90, inclusive, as shown on the plat of said subdivision.

              COVENANTS

1. Allowable Structures: No structure shall be erected, altered,
placed, or permitted to remain on any building site other than one
detached single family dwelling, a private garage for not more than
three (3) cars, and other accessory buildings incidental to
residential use.

2. Architectural Control: The Architectural Control Committee is
composed of:

  Josef C. Hallbeck
  Daniel J. Hallbeck
  Greg Millage

  a. A majority of the committee may designate a representative to
make its report. In the event of death or resignation of any member
of the committee, the remaining members shall have full authority to
designate a successor. For each twenty (20) lots sold or contracted
for sale, the lot purchasers, as a group, shall be entitled to name
one of the three members of the Architectural Control Committee.
When all of the lots have been sold, the Board of Directors of
Lincolnshire Fields Homeowner's Association shall be entitled to
name the three (3) members of the Architectural Control Committee,
including the designation of a successor in the event of death or
resignation of any member of the Committee.

  b. Powers: It is the purpose of Architectural Control to promote
the residential development of Lincolnshire Fields Northwest II, an
addition to Champaign County, Illinois, and to enhance property
values therein; therefore, the Architectural Control Committee shall
have the right and power to reject approval of plans submitted if
they do not, in the Committee's opinion, benefit and enhance the
residential development of the area; such approval, however, shall
not be unreasonably withheld.

The Architectural Committee shall have the power to reduce side-yard
requirements by not more than twenty-five percent (25%) of the
required side-yard and to reduce the front and rear yard
requirements by not more than ten percent (10%) of the applicable
required front or rear yard; the Committee shall have the further
power to reduce minimum dwelling size requirements where the size,
shape, and location of the lot warrants such variance in the opinion
of the Architectural Committee.

(1) Building Plats, etc.: No building, dwelling, fence, or other
structure or excavation shall be erected, constructed, altered or
maintained upon, under or above or moved upon any part of said
subdivision unless the plans and specifications thereof, showing the
proposed construction, nature, kind, shape, height, material, and
color scheme thereof, and building elevations, and a plot plan
showing lot lines, boundaries of the building site, distance from
the boundaries of the building site to the buildings and the grading
plan of the building site shall have been submitted to and approved
by the Architectural Committee, and until a copy of such plans and
specifications, plot plan and grading plan, as finally approved, is
deposited for permanent record with the Architectural Committee.

(2) Approval by Architectural Committee: The Architectural Committee
shall, upon request, and after satisfactory completion of
improvements, issue its certificate of completion. If the Committee
fails to approve or reject any plan or matter requiring approval
within thirty (30) days after plans or specifications have been
submitted to it, or in any event if no suit to enjoin construction
has been commenced prior to the completion thereof, approval shall
be conclusively presumed and the related covenants shall be deemed
to have been fully complied with.

(3) Right of Inspection: During any construction or alteration
required to be approved by the Architectural Committee, any member
of the Architectural Committee, or any agent of such Committee,
shall have the right to enter upon and inspect, during reasonable
hours, any building site embraced within said Subdivision and the
improvements thereon, for the purpose of ascertaining whether or not
the provisions herein set forth have been and are being fully
complied with and shall not be deemed guilty of trespass by reason
thereof.

(4) Waiver of Liability: The approval by the Architectural Committee
of any plans and specifications, plot plan, grading, or other plan
or matter requiring approval as herein provided, shall not be deemed
to be a waiver by the said Committee of its right to withhold
approval as to similar other features or elements embodied therein
when subsequently submitted for approval in connection with the same
building site or any other building site. Neither the said Committee
nor any member thereof, nor the present owner of said real estate,
shall be in any way responsible or liable for the loss or damage,
for any error or defect which may or may not be shown on any plans
and specifications or on any plot or grading plan, or planting or
other plan, or any building or structure or work done in accordance
with any other matter, whether or not the same has been approved by
the said Committee or any member thereof, or the present owner of
said real estate.

(5) Constructive Evidence of Action By Architectural Committee: Any
title company or person certifying, guaranteeing, or insuring title
to any building site, lot or parcel in such Subdivision, or any lien
thereon or interest therein, shall be fully justified in relying
upon the contents of the certificate signed by any member of the
Architectural Committee and such certificate shall fully protect any
purchaser or encumbrancer in good faith in acting thereon.

3. Minimum Dwelling - Quality and Size: It is the intent and purpose
of these covenants to assure that all dwellings shall be of the
quality of workmanship and materials substantially the same or
better than that which can be produced on the date these covenants
are recorded. For single family dwellings, the ground floor area
above surrounding grade or the main structure, exclusive of open
porches and garage, shall be not less than 1800 square feet, for a
dwelling of less than two stories; in the event the main structure
is a two-story dwelling, the ground floor area, exclusive of open
porches and garage, shall be not less than 1,000 square feet, and
the total required floor area shall not be less than 2,000 square
feet, exclusive of open porches and garage.

4. Building Location: No building shall be located on any lot nearer
than thirty-five (35) feet to the front street right-of-way or
nearer than thirty-five (35) feet to the rear lot line; no part of a
dwelling shall be located nearer to a side lot line than twelve (12)
feet unless a different distance is set forth on the recorded plat.
With respect to all lots, no structures or fences shall be erected
in the front set back lines. With respect to lots bordering upon the
golf course and lake (Lot 90), no structures or fences or planting
shall be erected in the rear thirty-five (35) feet thereof except
with the permission of the Architectural Committee. It is the intent
of this covenant to provide a reasonable view of the golf course and
lake to all owners of lots bordering upon the golf course and lake;
it is not intended to prohibit all structures, fences, and planting,
but merely to control the nature and extent thereof.

Where a building site consists of more than one lot, the above
provisions shall be applicable to the boundary lines of a building
site rather than the platted lot lines. Accordingly, the
Architectural Committee shall have the power to increase the side
yard requirements to a minimum of fifteen percent (15%) of the width
of the building site at the building set back line where the
building site consists of more than one lot, this power is in
addition to the power of the Architectural Committee set forth in
Paragraph 2, Subparagraph (b) above.

5. Dwellings per Building Site: Only one dwelling structure shall be
constructed per building site; no replatting or subdividing of these
lots shall be permitted, the effect of which would be to reduce the
area of width below ninety percent (90%) of the area and width as
platted.

6. Easements: Easements for installation and maintenance of
underground utilities and drainage facilities are reserved as noted
on the recorded plat and also upon the front ten (10) feet of all
lots. No building or outside facility within the Subdivision shall
be supplied with utility service lines above the surface of the
ground. Each lot owner shall grant a written easement for such
underground service upon request of the interested utility. No
structures, walls, fences, plantings, or any materials shall be
placed, planted, or permitted to remain within the platted easements
or public ways which may damage or interfere with the installation,
operation, or maintenance of the utilities. All utilities serving
this subdivision and all connections made thereto shall be located
beneath the surface of the ground, excepting there from transformer
installations and service pedestals. Required above ground
appurtenances to the underground utility system shall be located
within six (6) feet of the side lot lines.

Easements for golf course access are reserved as noted on the
recorded plat (between Lots 49 and 50). No structures, walls,
fences, plantings or any materials shall be placed, planted, or
permitted to remain within the plotted easements which may damage or
interfere with the installation, use or maintenance of paths to
accommodate golfers, golf carts and golf course maintenance
equipment.

7. Percentage of Lot Coverage: All buildings on a building site,
including accessory buildings and the additional area enclosed by a
fence, the nature of which obstructs view through it, shall not
cover a total of more than thirty percent (30%) of the building
site, except with the prior express written approval of the
Architectural Committee.

8. Permissible Building - Order of Construction: All buildings
erected on any building site shall be constructed of material of
good quality suitably adapted for use in the construction of
residences, and no old building or buildings shall be placed on or
moved to said premises. Accessory buildings shall not be erected,
constructed, or maintained prior the erection or construction of the
dwelling. The provisions herein shall not apply to temporary
buildings and structures erected by builders in connection with the
construction of any dwelling or accessory building and which are
promptly removed upon completion of such dwelling or accessory
building.

9. Non-Occupancy and Diligence during Construction: The work of
construction of any building or structure shall be prosecuted
diligently and continuously from the time of commencement until the
exterior construction shall be fully completed and the interior
construction is substantially completed, and no such building or
structure shall be occupied during the course of original exterior
construction or until made to comply with the restrictions and
conditions set forth herein. No excavation except as is necessary
for the construction of improvements shall be permitted. No partial
construction shall be suspended for more than twenty (20) working
days.

10. Maintenance - Lot Site during Construction: During the course of
construction all materials and equipment shall be stored only on the
lot on which construction is underway; debris and waste involved in
the construction shall be confined to the lot on which construction
is underway and shall be removed from the premises each Saturday or
be suitably covered. Lightweight debris shall be stored in
containers to avoid blowing upon adjacent lots. No burning shall
take place, of debris, upon the premises except with the permission
of a representative of the Developer, Josef C. Hallbeck. The intent
of this covenant is to maintain and preserve a clean and neat
appearance in the Subdivision at all times. A lot owner or lot
purchaser violating this covenant individually or through his
contractor may be assessed by the subdivider or the Homeowner's
Association up to $10 per day for violations, if any, occurring
after notice is given of any prior violation.

11. Temporary Structures: No structure of a temporary character,
trailer, basement, tent, shack, garage, barns or other outbuilding
shall be used on any lot at any time as a residence either
temporarily or permanently.

12. Signs: No sign of any kind shall be displayed to the public view
on any lot except one professional sign of not more than one square
foot, one sign of not more than five square feet advertising the
property for sale or rent, or signs used by the builder during
construction which are attached to the building, or signs of the
Developer.

13. Oil and Mining Operations: No oil drilling, oil development
operations, oil refining, quarrying, or mining operations of any
kind shall be permitted upon or in any lot, and no oil wells, tanks,
tunnels, mineral excavations or shafts shall be permitted upon or in
any lot. No derrick or other structure designed for use in boring
for oil or natural gas shall be erected, maintained, or permitted
upon any lot.

No person, firm, or corporation shall strip, excavate, or otherwise
remove soil for sale or for use other than on the premises from
which the same shall be taken, except in connection with the
construction or alteration of a building on such premises and
excavation or grading incidental thereto.

14. Livestock and Poultry: No animals, livestock, or poultry of any
kind shall be raised, bred, or kept on any lot, except that no more
than two dogs, cats, or other common household pets may be kept
provided that they are not kept, bred, or maintained for any
commercial purpose.

15. Garbage and Refuse Disposal: No lot shall be used or maintained
as a dumping ground for rubbish. Trash, garbage, grass, or other
cuttings and other waste shall be kept only in sanitary containers
and shall not be dumped upon any other lot in the subdivision. All
incinerators or other equipment for the storage or disposal of such
material shall be kept in a clean and sanitary condition and stored
in a manner either inside a garage or other building or below ground
so as not to be visible from other property.

16. Storage: No building material of any kind or character shall be
placed or stored upon a building site until the owner is ready to
commence improvements in compliance with an approved architectural
plan and then such materials shall be placed within the property
lines of the building site upon which improvements are to be
erected.

17. Street Sight Line Obstruction: No fence, wall, hedge, or shrub
planting which obstructs sight lines at elevations between two and
six feet above the roadways shall be placed or permitter to remain
on any corner lot within the triangular area formed by the street
right-of-way lines extended. Further, none of the above described
obstructions shall be placed or permitted to remain in the
triangular area formed by a street right-of-way line, either edge of
any driveway, and a line connecting a point thirty (30) feet outward
from either side of a driveway and a point on the edge of the
driveway toward the building fifteen (15) feet from the street
right-of-way line.

18. Sewerage System: A sanitary sewer system has been installed in
the subdivision and, therefore, no individual sewage disposal system
shall be installed or maintained on any lot.

19. Off-Street Parking: All property owners shall provide either a
garage or carport for the number of automobiles in use by the
residents on the property. All property owners or residents in the
Subdivision owning or possessing trucks, trailers, campers, boats,
motorcycles or motor homes which they desire to park in the
Subdivision shall provide and use an enclosed garage for the storage
of same when not in motion.

20. Sidewalks and Driveways: Each property owner shall repair and
maintain in good condition any sidewalk provided for his respective
lot until such time as the responsibility for repair and maintenance
has been accepted by public authorities. Driveways between public
walk and residence must be paved with concrete or asphalt. Driveways
between the sidewalk and street shall be paved with concrete or
asphalt, or Portland Cement, minimum of five (6) inch thickness.

21. Nuisances: No noxious or offensive activity shall be carried on
upon any lot, nor shall anything be done thereon which may be or may
become an annoyance or nuisance to the neighborhood; weeds on vacant
lots shall be cut between May 1 and November 1 in each year whenever
the height of such weeds exceeds twelve (12) inches. If the lot
owner fails to do so, the Architectural Committee may cause weeds to
be cut and a lien may be filed against the property for weed mowing,
not to exceed $50.00 per cutting. Lot owners shall endeavor to keep
lots clean of debris and waste materials so as to preserve a neat
appearance in the Subdivision.

22. Waiver: The failure of the Architectural Committee, any building
site owner or the present owner of said Subdivision to enforce any
of the restrictions, conditions, covenants, reservations, liens, or
charges to which said property, or any part thereof, is subject,
shall in no event be deemed a waiver of the right to do so
thereafter or to enforce any other restriction, condition, covenant,
reservation lien or charge.

23. Dedication: Owner hereby grants and dedicates for the use of the
public as streets, drives, and sidewalks, all of the streets,
drives, and sidewalks shown on said plat, and each of said streets
and drives shall be hereafter known by the respective names
designated thereon, reserving, however, unto Owner, its successors
and assigns, permanent easements as set forth above, and also across
or under all streets, drives, and sidewalks shown on said plat for
the installation and maintenance of storm drains, sanitary sewers,
tile, water, and gas mains, and electric and telephone lines;
provided further that no person or member of the public shall at any
time in the future use any part of the streets, drives, or sidewalks
for the purpose of running any sewer or sanitary tile on, under, or
across said streets or drives without the written permission of
Owner or its successors and assigns.

24. Term: Except as provided in Paragraph 26, these covenants are to
run with the land and shall be binding upon all parties and all
persons under them for a period of twenty-five (25) years from the
date these covenants shall be automatically extended for successive
periods of ten (10) years unless an instrument signed by a person or
persons then owning a majority of the platted lots in Lincolnshire
Fields Northwest has been recorded, agreeing to change said
covenants in whole or in part.

25. Enforcement: Enforcement shall be by proceedings at law or in
equity against any person or persons violating or attempting to
violate any covenant, either to restrain violation or to recover
damages. The Homeowner's Association shall also have the power to
seek appropriate remedy for the enforcement of these covenants.

26. Authority to Release Rights: The owners of legal title of record
of eighty percent (80%) of the building sites in Lincolnshire Fields
Northwest II shall have the authority at any time to release all or,
from time to time, any part of the restrictions, conditions,
covenants, reservations, liens, or charges herein set forth
applicable to such area and upon the recording of such waiver or
release in the Recorder's Office of Champaign County, Illinois, such
restrictions, conditions, covenants, reservations, liens, or charges
shall no longer be required under the provisions herein set forth.

27. Homeowner's Association: It is understood that all lot owners
shall be members of the Lincolnshire Fields Homeowner's Association,
a not for profit corporation organized under the Laws of-the State
of Illinois. All lot owners in Lincolnshire Fields Northwest II
agree to accept membership in said association and to abide and be
bound by the reasonable rules and regulations of said association
and to maintain membership therein so long as such lot ownership is
retained. Each owner-member shall be subject to assessment for
annual dues to the association not to exceed $25.00 unless a larger
amount is approved by the owners of 80% of the lots. It is further
specifically understood that fire service protection shall be
contracted for the subdivision through the Homeowner's Association
and that each lot, when improved with a residence, will he subject
to an assessment for its pro rata the expense of the contract with
the fire department and for fire  hydrant rental commencing with the
beginning of construction.

Accordingly, the-Homeowner's Association shall have the following
powers:

  (a) Authority to enforce these covenants.

  (b) Authority to levy dues assessments.

The foregoing provisions contained 27 shall not apply to Owner
herein, the Champaign National Bank, Trustee under Trust Number
030-877-971.

28. Lake Association: Owners of any lot bordering upon a lake shall
be members of the Lincolnshire Fields Northwest II Lake Association
now or hereafter in existence and be bound by the reasonable rules
and regulations of said Association and to maintain membership
therein so long as such lot ownership is retained. With respect to
the lake located in the subdivision, it is provided as follows:

  (a) Lake water shall not be used for ground watering purposes;

  (b) No pollutants shall be discharged into the lake; accordingly,
owner shall be responsible for prohibiting the discharge of
pollutants from their respective lots into the lake. A violation of
this provision shall subject the lot owner to a penalty of $25.00
for each violation, if any, and the penalty shall be $15.00 per day
for each day that the lot owner permits the violation to continue to
occur after notice thereof to the lot owner; and

  (c) Boats Longer than 14 feet in length shall not be permitted
upon the lake. No boat shall be equipped with mechanized power
except an electric trolling type motor.

29. Post Lantern: Each lot owner shall, upon actual occupancy of his
lot, install and maintain an electric post lantern within ten (10)
feet of the intersection or his driveway and street right-of-way.
The lantern shall be illuminated during the hours of darkness and
shall be equipped with an automatic control device for this purpose.
The lantern shall be equipped with appropriate lights having an
equivalent minimum of seventy-five (75) watts.

30. Construction: If it shall at any time be held that any of the
restrictions, conditions, covenants, reservations, liens, or charges
herein provided, or any part thereof, is invalid or for any reason
becomes unenforceable, no other restrictions, conditions, covenants,
reservations, liens, or charges, or any part thereof, shall be
thereby affected or impaired.

31. Satellite Dishes, Antennas and Other Equipment: No satellite
dishes, antennas, transmitting or broadcasting equipment, or similar
equipment, shall be placed, stored,  kept or used upon any lot at
any time, either temporarily or permanently.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, this instrument has been executed by the Owner
of that tract of real estate included in Lincolnshire Fields
Northwest, a subdivision in Champaign County, Illinois, the same
being the Champaign National Bank, as Trustee and not individually,
which has caused its corporate seal to be affixed hereto and caused
this name to be signed to these presents by its President and
attested by its Trust Officer this 27th day of August, 1987 at
Champaign, Illinois.

                              See Exculpatory Clause Attached
            THE CHAMPAIGN NATIONAL BANK, as Trustee as aforesaid and
not individually,

              By: _____________________________________
                   Senior Vice President

ATTEST: ___________________________________
      Trust Officer

 STATE OF ILLINOIS   )
         )  SS
COUNTY OF CHAMPAIGN  )

  I, the undersigned, a Notary Public in aforesaid county, in the
State aforesaid, DO HEREBY CERTIFY THAT Robert Wallace and Robert
Cochran, to me personally known to be President and Trust Officer,
respectively, of the Champaign  National Bank, a corporation, and
also known to me to be the persons whose names are subscribed to the
foregoing instrument, appeared before me this day in person and
acknowledged that as such officers, respectively, they signed,
sealed, and delivered the said instrument as the free and voluntary
act of said Bank for the uses and purposes therein set forth, and
that they were duly authorized to execute the same by the Board of
Directors of said Bank.

  Given under my hand and notarial seal this 27th day of August,
1987

                    _____________________________________________
                        Notary Public

Prepared by:

Charles L. Palmer
Franklin, Flynn & Palmer
402 West Church Street
P. O. Box 1517
Champaign, IL 61820
Telephone:  (217) 352-5181

          RIDER ATTACHED TO AND MADE PART OF THE
               Owner's Certificate DATED August 27, 1987
               UNDER TRUST NO. 030-877-971

It is expressly understood and agreed by and between the parties
hereto, anything herein to the contrary notwithstanding, that each
and all of the warranties, indemnities, representations, covenants,
undertakings and agreements herein made on the part of the Trustee
are nevertheless each and every one of them, made and intended not
as personal warranties, indemnities, representations, covenants,
undertakings and agreements by the Trust or for the purpose or with
the intention of binding said Trustee personally but are made and
intended for the purpose of binding only that portion of the trust
property specifically described herein, and this instrument is
executed and delivered by said Trustee not in its own right, but
solely in the exercise of the powers conferred upon it as such
Trustee; and that no personal liability or personal responsibility
is assumed by nor shall at any time be asserted or enforceable
against the CHAMPAIGN NATIONAL BANK on account of any warranty,
indemnity, representation, covenant, undertaking or agreement of the
Trustee in this instrument contained, either expressed or implied,
all such personal liability, if any, being expressly waived and
released.

</pre>
