---
layout: main
title: COVENANTS SOUTH FAR HILLS OF LINCOLNSHIRE FIELDS WEST
---

<pre>

        A Subdivision in Champaign County, Illinois

            Protective Covenants

STATE OF ILLINOIS )
      )    SS
COUNTY OF CHAMPAIGN )

            OWNER'S CERTIFICATE

JOSEF C. HALLBACK, being the legal owner of lands located as
follows:
Beginning at the Southwest corner of Lot 27 of the Far Hills of
Lincolnshire Fields West proceed, on a local bearing, North
55°04'36" West, 560.63 feet, along the Southerly Line of Lots
25,23,21,19, and 17 of said Far Hills of Lincolnshire Fields West to
the Southeast corner of said Lot 17; thence North 79°08'18" West,
94.09 feet along the South line of said Lot 17 to the Southwest
corner of said Lot 17; thence South 89°59'12" West, 390.00 feet
along the South line of Lots 13,11,9, and 7 to a point on the South
line of said Lot 7; thence North 74°58'00" West, 169.01 feet along
the Southerly line of lots 7 and 5 to a Joint on the East line of
Lot 2 of said Far Hills of Lincolnshire Fields West; thence South
00°22’42" East, 198.04 feet alone the East line of Lots 2 and 1 of
said Far Hills of Lincolnshire Fields West to the Southeast corner
of said Lot 1; thence South 89°14'42" East 19.00 feet along an
Easterly extension of the South line of said Lot 1 to the Northeast
corner of a tract described in a Deed of Tract recorded in Book 928
at Page 641 in the office of the Recorder of Champaign County;
thence South 00°22'42" East, 208.32 feet along the East line of said
Tract to the South line of Section 21, Township 19 North, Range 8
East of the Third Principal Meridian;  thence South 89°09’48" East
1083.74 feet along said South line; thence North 00°00'00" East,
40.00 feet to the Point of Beginning, encompassing 7.483 Acres more
or less, all being situated in Champaign County, Illinois.

It is hereby provided that all conveyances of property hereinafter
made in said Subdivision by the present or future owners of any of
the lands described in said Surveyor Certificate for said
Subdivision shall, by adopting the above description of said land as
platted, be taken and understood as if incorporating in all such
conveyances without repeating the same, the following restrictions,
as applicable

                DEFINITIONS

For the purpose of this declaration, certain words and terms are
hereby defined.

Accessory Building: Separate building or buildings located on the
same building site and which are incidental to the main building or
to the main use of the premises.

Building Area: That portion of a building site within which the
construction and maintenance of main buildings is permitted. 
Building Site: A portion of the Subdivision consisting of at least
ninety-five percent (95%) of one entire lot, as platted.

Dwelling: Any building occupied or designed to be occupy fly one or
more dwelling units.

Dwelling Unit: A suite of two or more rooms in a building designed
for or used by one family only.

Dwelling, Single Family: A detached dwelling containing only one
dwelling unit.

Duplex: A dwelling containing two dwelling units.

Triplex: A dwelling containing three dwelling units.

Ground Floor Area: That portion of a dwelling which is built over a
basement or foundation above surrounding grade but not over any
other portion of the dwelling.

             AREA OF APPLICATION

The proposed covenants below, in their entirety, shall apply to Lots
1 through 15, inclusive, as shown on the plat of said subdivision.

            COVENANTS

1. Allowable Structures: No structure shall be erected, altered,
placed, or permitted to remain on any building site other than one
detached single family dwelling, a private garage for not more than
three (3) cars, and other accessory buildings incidental to
residential use, except that Duplex or Triplex dwellings may be
permitted upon Lots 5, 6 and 7.

2. Architectural Control:

a. Committee Membership: The Architectural Control Committee is
composed of:  Josef C. Hallbeck and Keith Whitmer.

A majority of the committee may designate a representative to make
its report. In the event of death or resignation of any member of
the committee, the remaining members shall have full authority to
designate a successor. For each ten (10) lots sold or contracted for
sale, the lot purchasers, as a group, shall be entitled to name one
of the two members of the Architectural Control Committee. At any
time, the then record owners of a majority of the lots in the South
Far Hills of Lincolnshire Fields West shall have the power, through
a duly recorded written instrument, to chance the membership of the
committee.

b. Powers: It is the purpose of Architectural Control to promote
residential development of South Far Hills subdivision, and to
enhance property values therein; therefore, the Architectural
Control Committee shall have the right and power to reject approval
of plans submitted if they do not, in the Committee’s opinion,
benefit and enhance the residential development of the area; such
approval, however, shall not be unreasonably withheld.

The Architectural Committee shall have the power to reduce side-yard
requirements by not more than twenty-five percent (25%) of the
required side-yard and to reduce the front and rear yard
requirements by not more than ten percent (10%) of the applicable
required front or rear yard; the Committee shall have the further
power to reduce minimum dwelling size requirements where the size,
shape, and location of the lot warrants such variance in the opinion
of the Architectural Committee.

       (1) Building Plats, etc.: No building, dwelling, fence, or
other structure or excavation shall be erected, constructed, altered
or maintained upon, under or above or moved upon any part of said
subdivision unless the plans and specifications thereof, showing the
proposed construction, nature, kind, shape, height, material, and
color scheme thereof, and building elevations, and a plot plan
showing lot lines, boundaries of the building site, distance from
the boundaries of the building site to the buildings and the grading
plan of the building site shall have been submitted to and approved
by the Architectural Committee, and until a copy of such plans and
specifications, plot plan and grading plan, as finally approved, is
deposited for permanent record with the Architectural Committee.

       (2) Approval by Architectural Committee: The Architectural
Committee shall, upon request, an after satisfactory completion of
improvements, issue its certificate of completion. If the Committee
fails to approve or reject any plan or matter requiring approval
within thirty (30) days after plans or specifications have been
submitted to it, or in any event if no suit to enjoin construction
has been commenced prior to the completion thereof, approval shall
be conclusively presumed and the related covenants shall be deemed
to have been fully complied with.

       (3) Right of Inspections: During any construction or
alteration required to be approved by the Architectural Committee,
any member of the Architectural Committee, or any agent of such
Committee, shall have the right to enter upon and inspect, during
reasonable hours, any building site embraced within said Subdivision
and the improvements thereon, for the purpose of ascertaining
whether or not the provisions herein set forth have been and are
being fully complied with and shall not be deemed guilty of trespass
by reason thereof.

       (4) Waiver of Liability: The approval by the Architectural
Committee of any plans and specifications, plot plan, grading, or
other plan or matter requiring approval as herein provided, shall
not be deemed to be a waiver by the said Committee of its right to
withhold approval as to similar other features or elements embodied
therein when subsequently submitted for approval in connection with
the same building site or any other building site. Neither the said
Committee nor any member thereof, nor the present owner of said real
estate, shall be in any way responsible or liable for the loss or
damage, for any error or defect which may or may not be shown on any
plans and specifications or on any plot or grading plan, or planting
or other plan or any building or structure or work done in
accordance with any other matter, whether or not the same has been
approved by the said Committee or any member thereof, or the present
owner of said real estate.
       
       (5) Constructive Evidence of Action By Architectural
Committee: Any title company or person certifying, guaranteeing, or
insuring title to any building site, lot or parcel in such
Subdivision, or any lien thereon or interest therein shall be fully
justified in relying upon the contents of the certificate signed by
any member of the Architectural Committee and such certificate shall
fully protect any purchaser or encumbrancer in good faith in acting
thereon.
       
3. Minimum Dwelling - Quality and Size: It is the intent and purpose
of these covenants to assure that all dwellings shall be of the
quality of workmanship and materials substantially the same or
better than that which can be produced on the date these covenants
are recorded. For single family dwellings, the ground floor area
above surrounding grade or the main structure, exclusive of open
porches and garage, shall be not less than 1800 square feet, for a
dwelling of less than two stories; in the event the main structure
is a two-story dwelling, the ground floor area, exclusive of open
porches and garage, shall be not less than 1,000 square feet, and
the total required floor area shall not be less than 2,000 square
feet, exclusive of open porches and garage.
       
       For duplex and triplex dwellings in which all units are
located on the first floor, the minimum square footage per unit is
1,350 square feet for duplex dwellings and 1,260 square feet for
triplex dwellings. If the dwelling structure is located on two or
more stories, the minimum square footage per Unit is increased to
1,500 square feet for duplex units and 1,400 square feet for triplex
units. The minimum square footages referred to herein is a reference
to the floor area exclusive of open porches and garages.
       
4. Building Location: No building shall be located on any lot nearer
than thirty-five (35) feet to the front street right-of-way or
nearer than thirty-five (35) feet to the rear lot line; except lots
1 through 8 which shall not be nearer than twenty-five (25) feet to
the front street right-of-way; lots 1 through 5 shall not be nearer
than forty-five (45) feet to the rear lot line; lot 15 shall not be
nearer than forty-five (45) feet to Windsor Road right-of-way; no
part of a dwelling shall be located nearer to a side lot line than
twelve (12) feet unless a different distance is set forth on the
recorded plat. With respect to all lots, no structures or fences
shall be erected in the front set back lines. 
       
Where a building site consists of more than one lot, the above
provisions shall be applicable to the boundary lines of a building
site rather than the platted lot lines. Accordingly, the
Architectural Committee shall have the power to increase the side
yard requirements to a minimum of fifteen percent (15%) of the width
of the building site at the building set back lines where the
building site consists of more than one lot; this power is in
addition to the power of the Architectural Committee set forth in
Paragraph 2, Subparagraph (b) above.

5. Dwellings nor Building Site: Only one dwelling structure shall be
constructed per building site; no replatting or subdividing of these
lots shall be permitted, the effect of which would be to reduce the
area of width below ninety percent (90%) of the area and width as
platted.

6. Easements: Easements for installation and maintenance of
underground utilities and drainage facilities are reserved as noted
on the recorded plat and also upon the front ten (10) feet of all
lots. No building or outside facility within the Subdivision shall
be supplied with utility service lines above the surface of the
ground. Each lot owner shall grant a written easement for such
underground service upon request of the interested utility. No
structures, walls, fences, plantings, or any materials shall be
placed, planted, or permitted to remain within the platted easements
or public ways which may damage or interfere with the installation,
operation, or maintenance of the utilities. All utilities serving
this subdivision and all connections made thereto shall be located
beneath the surface of the ground, excepting there from transformer
installations and service pedestals. Required above ground
appurtenances to the underground utility system shall be located
within six (6) feet of the side lot lines.

7. Percentage of Lot Coverage: All buildings on a building site;
including accessory buildings and the additional area enclosed by a
fence, the nature of which obstructs view through it, shall not
cover a total of more than thirty percent (30%) of the building
site, except with the prior express written approval of the
Architectural Committee.

a. Permissible Building - Order of Construction: A11 buildings
erected on any up building shall be constructed of material of good
quality suitably adapted for use in the construction of residences,
and no old building or buildings shall be placed on or moved to said
premises. Accessory buildings shall not be erected, constructed, or
maintained prior to the erection or construction of the dwelling.
The provisions herein shall not apply to temporary buildings and
structures erected by builders in connection with the construction
of any dwelling or accessory building and which are promptly removed
upon completion of such dwelling or accessory building.

9. Non-Occupancy and Diligence during Construction: The work of
construction of any building or structure shall be prosecuted
diligently and continuously from the time of commencement until the
exterior construction shall be fully completed and the interior
construction is substantially completed, and no such building or
structure shall be occupied during the course of original exterior
construction or until made to comply with the restrictions and
conditions set forth herein. No excavation except as is necessary
for the construction of improvements shall be permitted. No partial
construction shall be suspended for more than twenty (20) working
days.

10. Maintenance of Lot Site during Construction: During the course
of construction all materials and equipment shall be stored only on
the lot on which construction is underway; debris and waste involved
in the construction shall be confined to the lot on which
construction is underway and shall be removed from the premises each
Saturday or be suitably covered. Lightweight debris shall be stored
in containers to avoid blowing upon adjacent lots. No burning shall
take place, of debris, upon the premises except with the permission
of a representative of Lincolnshire Fields Development Co. The
intent of this covenant is to maintain and preserve a clean and neat
appearance in the Subdivision at all times. A lot owner or lot
purchaser violating this covenant individually or through his
contractor may be 2sresriad by the subdivider or the Homeowner's
Association up to $10 per day for violations, if any, occurring
after notice is given of any prior violation.

11. Temporary Structures: No structure of a temporary character,
trailer, basement, tent, shack, garage, barn, or other outbuilding
shall be used on any lot at any time as a residence either
temporarily or permanently.

12. Signs: No sign of any kind shall be displayed to the public view
on any lot except one professional sign of not more than one square
foot, one sign of not more than five square feet advertising the
property for sale or rent, or signs used by the builder during
construction which are attached to the building, or signs of the
Developer.

13. Oil and Mining Operations: No oil drilling, oil development
operations, oil refining, quarrying, or mining operations of any
kind shall be permitted upon or in any lot, and no oil wells, tanks,
tunnels, mineral excavations or shafts shall be permitted upon or in
any lot. No derrick or other structure designed for use in boring
for oil or natural gas shall be erected, maintained, or permitted
upon any lot.

No person, firm, or corporation shall strip, excavate, or otherwise
remove soil for sale or for use other than on the premises from
which the same shall be taken, except in connection vitb the
construction or alteration of a building on such premises and
excavation or grading incidental thereto.

14. Livestock and Poultry: No animals, livestock, or poultry of any
kind shall be raised, bred, or kept on any lot, except that no more
than two dogs, cats or other common household pets may be kept
provided that they are not kept, bred, or maintained for any
commercial purpose.

15. Garbage and Refuse Disposal: No lot shall be used or maintained
as a dumping ground for rubbish. Trash, garbage, grass, or other
cuttings and other waste shall be kept only in sanitary containers
and shall not be dumped upon any other lot in the subdivision. All
incinerators or other equipment for the storage or disposal of such
material shall be kept in a clean and sanitary condition and stored
in a manner either inside a garage or other building or below ground
so as not to be visible from other property.

16. Storage: No building material of any kind or character shall be
placed or stored upon a building site until the owner is ready to
commence improvements in compliance with an approved architectural
plan and then such materials shall be placed within the property
lines of the building site upon which improvements are to be
erected.

17. Street Sight Line Obstruction: No fence, wall, hedge, or shrub
planting which obstructs sight lines at elevations between two and
six feet above the roadways shall be placed or permitted to remain
on any corner lot within the triangular area formed by the street
right-of-way lines extended. Further, none of the above described
obstructions shall be placed or permitted to remain in the
triangular area formed by a street right-of-way line, either edge of
any driveway, and a line connecting a point thirty (30) feet outward
from either side of a driveway and a point on the edge of the
driveway towards the building fifteen (15) feet from the street
right-of-way line.

18. Sewerage System: A sanitary sewer system has been installed in
the subdivision and, therefore, no individual sewage disposal system
shall be installed or maintained on any lot.

19. Off-street Parking: All property owners shall provide either a
garage or carport for the number of automobiles in use by the
residents on the property. All property owners or residents in the
Subdivision owning or possessing trucks, trailers, campers, boats,
motorcycles or motor homes which they desire to park in the
Subdivision shall provide and use an enclosed garage for the storage
of same when not in motion.

20. Sidewalks and Driveways: Each property owner shall repair and
maintain in good condition any sidewalk provided for his respective
lot until such time as the responsibility for repair and maintenance
has been accepted by public authorities. Driveways between public
walk and residence must be paved with concrete or asphalt. Driveways
between the sidewalk and street shall be paved with concrete or
asphalt, or Portland Cement, minimum of five (5) inch thickness.

21. Nuisances: No noxious or offensive activity shall be carried on
upon any lot, nor shall anything be done thereon which may be or may
become an annoyance or nuisance to the neighborhood; weeds on vacant
lots shall be cut between June l and June 15, and again between
September 1 and September 15 in each year. If the lot owner falls to
do so the Architectural Committee may cause weeds to be cut and a
lien may be filed against the property for weed mowing, not to
exceed $25 per period. Lot owners shall endeavor to keep lots clean
of debris and waste materials so as to preserve a neat appearance in
the Subdivision.

22. Waiver: The failure of the Architectural Committee, any building
site owner or the present owner of said Subdivision to enforce any
of the restrictions, conditions, covenants, reservations, liens, or
charges to which said property, or any part thereof, is subject,
shall in no event be deemed a waiver of the right to do so
thereafter or to enforce any other restriction, condition, covenant,
reservation lien or charge.

22. Dedication: Josef C. Hallbeck hereby grants and dedicates for
the use of the public as streets, drives, and sidewalks, all of the
streets, drives, and sidewalks shown on said plat, and each of said
streets and drives shall be hereafter known by the respective names
designated thereon, reserving, however, unto Josef C, Hallbeck, his
successors and assigns, permanent easements as set forth above, and
also across or under all streets, drives, and sidewalks shown on
said plat for the installation and maintenance of storm drains,
sanitary sewers, tile, water, and gas mains, and electric and
telephone lines; provided further that no person or member of the
public shall at any time in the future use any part of the streets,
drives, or sidewalks for the purpose of running any sewer or
sanitary tile on, under, or across said streets or drives without
the written permission of Josef C. Hallbeck, his successors and
assigns.

24. Term: Except as provided in Paragraph 26, these covenants are to
run with the land and shall be binding upon all parties and all
persons under them for a period of twenty-five (25) years from the
date these covenants are recorded, after which time said covenants
shall be automatically extended for successive periods of ten (10)
years unless an instrument signed by a person or persons then owning
a majority of the platted lots in South Far Pills of Lincolnshire
Fields west has been recorded, agreeing to change said covenants in
whole or in part.

25. Enforcement: Enforcement shall be by proceedings at law or in
equity against any person or persons violating or attempting to
violate any covenant, either to restrain violation or to recover
damages. The Homeowner's Association shall also have the power to
seek appropriate remedy for the enforcement of these covenants,.

26. Authority to Release Rights: The owners of legal title of record
of eighty percent (80%) of the building sites in South Far Hills of
Lincolnshire Fields West shall have the authority at any time to
release all or, from time to time, any part of the restrictions,
conditions, covenants, reservations, liens, or charges herein set
forth applicable to such area and upon the recording of such waiver
or release in 'he Recorder's office of Champaign County, Il1inois,
such restrictions, conditions, covenants, reservations, liens, or
charges shall no longer be required under the provisions herein set
forth.

27. Homeowner's Association: It is understood that all lot owners
shall be members of the Lincolnshire Fields Homeowner’s Association,
a not for profit corporation organized under the laws of the State
of Illinois. All lot owners in South Far Hills of Lincolnshire
Fields West agree to accept membership in said association and to
abide and be bound by the reasonable rules and regulations of said
association and to maintain membership therein so long as such lot
ownership is retained. Each owner-member shall be subject to
assessment for annual dues to the association not to exceed $25.00
unless a larger amount is approved by the owners of 80% of the lots.
It is further specifically understood that fire service protection
shall be contracted for the subdivision through the Homeowner's
Association and that each lot, when improved with a residence, will
be subject to an assessment for its pro rata share of the expense of
the contract with the fire department and for fire hydrant rental
commencing with the beginning of construction.

Accordingly, the Homeowner's Association shall have the following
powers:

(a) Authority to enforce these covenants.

(b) Authority to levy a fire protection assessment.

(c) Authority to 1QVY dues assessments.

28. Post Lantern: Each lot owner shall, upon actual occupancy of his
lot, install and maintain a gas or electric post lantern within ten
(10) feet of the intersection of his driveway and street
right-of-way. The lantern shall be illuminated during the hours of
darkness and shall be equipped with an automatic control device for
this purpose. The lantern shall be equipped with appropriate lights
having an equivalent minimum of seventy-five (75) watts,

29. Construction: If it shall at any time be held that any of the
restrictions, conditions, covenants, reservations, liens or charges
herein provided, or any part thereof, is invalid or for any reason
becomes unenforceable, no other restrictions, conditions, covenants,
reservations, liens, or charges, or any part thereof, shall be
thereby affected or impaired.

IN WITNESS THEREOF, this instrument has been executed by the
Developer of South far hills of Lincolnshire Fields West.

DATED at Champaign, Illinois, this ____ day of 1977.

       By ____________________________________
          Josef C. Hallbeck, Developer

ATTEST:

_____________________________________ 


STATE OF ILLINOIS )
      )  SS 
COUNTY OF CHAMPAIGN )

I, the undersigned, in and for said County, in the State aforesaid,
DO HEREBY CERTIFY that Josef C. Hallbeck, personally known to me to
be the Owner and Developer of South Far Hills of Lincolnshire Fields
West, and personally known to me to be the same person whose name is
subscribed to the foregoing instrument, appeared before me this day
in person and severally acknowledged that as such Owner and
Developer, he signed and delivered the said instrument as Owner and
Developer.      


GIVEN under my hand and seal this ___ day of __________,1977


              ______________________________
                    Notary Public

</pre>
