---
layout: main
title: COVENANTS LINCOLNSHIRE FIELDS WEST I
---
<pre>

LINCOLNSHIRE FIELDS WEST I
      A Subdivision in Champaign County, Illinois
        Protective Covenants

State of Illinois )
      )
County of Champaign   )

          OWNER'S CERTIFICATE

LINCOLNSHIRE REALTY CO., a Delaware Corporation, authorized to
transact business in the state of Illinois, and being the legal
owner of lands located in the West Half of Section 21, Township 19
North, Range 8 East of the Third Principal Meridian, as is more
particularly described in a Surveyor's Certificate and description,
on the face of the plat of Lincolnshire Fields West I, to which
these covenants are attached and which description is hereby
incorporated by reference, and have caused the same to be surveyed
by Paul T. Manahan, Registered Illinois Land Surveyor Number 1964,
and have subdivided said real estate into lots, streets, and utility
easements, as indicated on the annexed plat bearing the certificate
of the said Paul T. Manahan, said Subdivision to be known as
Lincolnshire Fields West I, a Subdivision in Champaign County,
Illinois.

It is hereby provided that all conveyances of property hereinafter
made in said Subdivision by the present or future owners of any of
the lands described in said Surveyor's Certificate for said
Subdivision shall, by adopting the above description of said land as
platted, be taken and understood as if incorporating in all such
conveyances without repeating the same, the following restrictions,
as applicable:


          DEFINITIONS

For the purpose of this declaration, certain words and terms are
hereby defined.

    Accessory Building:  Separate building or buildings located on
the same building site and which are incidental to the main building
or to the main use of the premises.

    Building Area:  That portion of a building, site within which
the construction and maintenance of main buildings is permitted.

    Building Site: A portion of the subdivision consisting of at
least ninety-five per cent (95%) of one entire lot, as platted.

    Dwelling: The main building on a building site to be designed
for and used exclusively for a residence and to be occupied
exclusively by a single family.

    Duplex Dwelling: The main building on a building site to be
designed for, and used exclusively for, a residence and to be
occupied by not more than two families.

    Ground Floor Area:  That portion of a dwelling which is built
over a basement or foundation above surrounding grade but not over
any other portion of the dwelling.


          AREA OF APPLICATION

The proposed covenants below, in their entirety, shall apply to lots
I through 36, inclusive, as shown on the plat of Lincolnshire Fields
West I; there is no lot 26 in this Subdivision.

            COVENANTS

    1. Allowable Structures:  No structure shall be erected,
altered, placed, or permitted to remain on any building site other
than one detached single family dwelling, a private garage for not
more than three (3) cars, and other accessory buildings incidental
to residential use of the premises.  A duplex dwelling shall be
permitted upon lots 1 through 4, inclusive, and lots 35 and 36,
providing applicable zoning approval has bean obtained.

    2. Architectural Control:
      a. Committee Membership:  The Architectural Control Committee
is composed of:

          Robert R. Shapland
          John C. O'Byrne
          George Sodemann
A majority of the committee may designate a representative to make
its report.  In the event of death or resignation of any member of
the committee, the remaining members shall have full authority to
designate a successor. For each ten (10) lots sold or contracted for
sale, the lot purchasers, as a group, shall be entitled to name one
of three members of the Architectural Control Committee.  At any
time, the then record owners of a majority of the lots in
_Lincolnshire Fields West I shall have the power, through a duly
recorded written instrument, to change the membership of the
committee or to withdraw from the committee or restore to it any of
its powers and duties.

      b. Powers:  It is the purpose of _Architectural Control to
promote the residential development of Lincolnshire Fields West I
and to enhance property values; therefore, the _Architectural
_Control Committee shall have the right and power to reject
approval of plans submitted if they do not, in the Committee's
opinion, benefit and enhance the residential development of the
area; such approval, however, shall not be unreasonably withheld.

The Architectural Committee sha11 have the power to reduce side-yard
requirements by not more than twenty-five per cent (25%) of the
required side-yard and to reduce the front and rear-yard
requirements by not more than ten per cent (10%) of the applicable
required front or rear-yard; the Committee shall have the further
power to reduce minimum dwelling size requirements where the size,
shape, and location of the lot warrants such variance in the opinion
of the Architectural Committee.

        (1) Building Plats, etc.:  No building, dwelling, fence, or
other structure or excavation shall be erected, constructed, altered
or maintained upon, under or above or moved upon any part of said
subdivision unless the plans and specifications thereof, showing the
proposed construction, nature, kind, shape, height, material, and
color scheme thereof, and building elevations, and a plot plan
showing lot lines, boundaries of the building site, distance from
the boundaries of the building site to the buildings and the grading
plan of the building site shall have been submitted to and approved
by the Architectural Committee, and until a copy of such plans and
specifications, plot plan and grading plan, as finally approved, is
deposited for permanent record with the Architectural Committee.

        (2) Approval by Architectural Committee:  The Architectural
Committee shall, upon request, and after satisfactory completion of
improvements, issue its certificate of completion. If the Committee
fails to approve or reject any plan or matter requiring approval
within thirty (30) days after plans or specifications have been
submitted to it, or in any event if no suit to enjoin construction
has been commenced prior to the completion thereof, approval shall
be conclusively presumed and the related covenants shall be deemed
to have been fully complied with.

        (3) Right of Inspection:  During any construction or
alteration required to be approved by the Architectural Committee,
any member of the Architectural Committee, or any agent of such
Committee, shall have the right to enter upon and inspect, during
reasonable hours, any building site embraced within said Subdivision
and the improvements thereon, for the purpose of ascertaining
whether or not the provisions herein set forth have been and are
being fully complied with and shall not be deemed guilty of trespass
by reason thereof.

        (4) Waiver of Liability:  The approval by the Architectural
Committee of any plans and specifications, plot plan, grading, or
other plan or matter requiring approval as herein provided, shall
not be deemed to be a waiver by the said Committee of its right to
withhold approval as to similar other features or elements embodied
therein when subsequently submitted for approval in connection with
the same building site or any other building site. Neither the said
Committee nor any member thereof, nor the present owner of said real
estate, shall be in any way responsible or liable for the loss or
damage, for any error or defect which mayor may not be shown on any
plans and specification or on any plot or grading plan, or planting
or other plan, or any building or structure or work done in
accordance with any other matter, whether or not the same has been
approved by the said Committee or any member thereof, or the present
owner of said real estate.

        (5) Constructive Evidence of Action by Architectural
Committee:  Any title company or person certifying, guaranteeing, or
insuring title to any building site, lot or parcel in such
Subdivision, or any lien thereon or interest therein, shall be fully
justified in relying upon the contents of the certificate signed by
any member of the Architectural Committee and such certificate shall
fully protect any purchaser or encumbrancer in good faith in acting
thereon.

    3. Minimum Dwelling - Quality and Size: It is the intent and
purpose of these covenants to assure that all dwellings shall be of
the quality of workmanship and materials substantially the same or
better than that which can be produced on the date these covenants
are recorded. The ground floor area above surrounding grade of the
main structure, exclusive of open porches and garage, shall be not
less than 1800 square feet, for a dwelling of less than two stories;
in the event the main structure is a two story dwelling, the ground
floor area, exclusive of open porches and garage, shall be not less
than 1000 square feet, and the total required floor area shall not
be less than 2000 square feet, exclusive of open porches and garage.

    For duplex dwellings permitted hereunder, the minimum
requirement set forth above shall be increased by fifty per cent
(50%), for the structure and reduced by twenty-five per cent (25%)
per unit.

    4. Building Location: No building shall be located on any lot
nearer to the front street right of way than the front building set
back line shown on the recorded plat; no part of a dwelling shall be
located nearer to a side lot line than fifteen (15) feet, unless a
different distance is set forth on the recorded plat, which platted
distance shall control. Main structures on two adjacent lots shall
be at least thirty (30) feet apart.

    With respect to lots bordering upon the golf course or upon the
lake, no structures or fences or planting shall be erected in the
area between the rear building set back line, as shown on the plat,
and the rear lot line, except with the permission of the
architectural Committee. It is the intent of this covenant to
provide a reasonable view of the golf course or lake to all owners
of lots bordering upon the golf course or lake; it is not intended
to prohibit all structures, fences, and planting, but merely to
control the nature and extent.

    Where a building site consists of more than one lot, the above
provisions shall be applicable to the boundary lines of the building
site rather than the platted lot lines. Accordingly, the
Architectural Committee shall have the power to change the building
lines where the building site consists of more than one lot; this
power is in addition to the power of the Architectural Committee set
forth in Paragraph 2, Sub paragraph (b) above.

    5. Dwellings per Building Site: Only one dwelling structure
shall be constructed per building site; no replatting or subdividing
of these lots shall be permitted, the effect of which would be to
reduce the area or width below ninety per cent (90%) of the area and
width as platted.

    6. Easements: Easements for installation and maintenance of
underground utilities and drainage facilities are reserved as noted
on the recorded plat and also upon the front six, (6) feet of all
lots. No building or outside facility within the Subdivision shall
be supplied with utility service lines above the surface of the
ground. Each lot owner shall grant a written easement for such
underground service upon request of the interested utility. No
structures, walls, fences, plantings or any materials shall be
placed, planted or permitted to remain within the platted easements
or public ways, which may damage or interfere with the installation,
operation or maintenance of the utilities. All utilities serving
this subdivision and all connections made thereto shall be located
beneath the surface of the ground, excepting there from transformer
installations and service pedestals. Required above ground
appurtenances to the underground utility systems shall be located
within six (6) feet of the side lot lines.

    7. Percentage of Lot Coverage: All buildings on a building site,
including accessory buildings and the additional area enclosed by a
fence, the nature of which obstructs view through it, shall not
cover a total of more than thirty (30) per cent of the building
site, except with the prior express written approval of the
Architectural Committee.

    8. Permissible Building - Order of Construction: All buildings
erected on any building site shall be constructed of material of
good quality suitably adapted for use in the construction of
residences, and no old building or buildings shall be placed on or
moved to said premises. Accessory buildings shall not be erected,
constructed, or maintained prior to the erection or construction of
the dwelling. The provisions herein shall not apply to temporary
buildings and structures erected by builders in connection with the
construction of any dwelling or accessory building and which are
promptly removed upon completion of such dwelling or accessory
building.

    9. Non-Occupancy and Diligence during Construction:  The work of
construction of any building or structure shall be prosecuted
diligently and continuously from the time of  commencement until the
exterior construction shall be fully completed and the interior
construction is substantially completed, and no such building or
structure shall be occupied during the course of original exterior
construction or until made to comply with the restrictions and
conditions set forth herein. No excavation except as is necessary
for the construction of improvements shall be permitted.

    10. Maintenance of Lot Site during Construction: During the
course of construction all materials and equipment shall be stored
only on the lot on which construction is underway; debris and waste
involved in the construction shall be confined to the lot on which
construction is underway and shall be removed from the premises each
Saturday or be suitably covered. Lightweight debris shall be stored
in containers to avoid blowing upon adjacent lots. No burning shall
take place, of debris, upon the premises except with permission of a
representative of Lincolnshire Realty Co. The intent of this
covenant is to maintain and preserve a clean and neat appearance in
the Subdivision at all times.

    11. Temporary Structures: No structure of a temporary character,
trailer, basement, tent, shack, garage, barn or other outbuilding
shall be used on any lot at any time as a residence either
temporarily or permanently.

      12. Signs: No sign of any kind shall be displayed to the
public view on any lot except one professional sign of not more than
one (1) square foot, one sign of not more than five (5) square feet
advertising the property for sale or rent, or signs used by a
builder or Lincolnshire Realty Co., to advertise the property during
the construction and sales period.

    13. Oil and Mining Operations:  No oil drilling, oil development
operations, oil refining, quarrying or mining operations of any kind
shall be permitted upon or in any lot, and no oil wells, tanks,
tunnels, mineral excavations or shafts shall be permitted upon or in
any lot.  No derrick or other structure designed for use in boring
for oil or natural gas shall be erected, maintained or permitted
upon any lot.

    No person, firm, or corporation shall strip, excavate or
otherwise remove soil for sale or for use other than on the premises
from which the same shall be taken, except in connection with the
construction or alteration of a building on such premises and
excavation or grading incidental thereto.

    14. Livestock and Poultry:  No animals, livestock, or poultry of
any kind shall be raised, bred or kept on any lot, except that no
more than two dogs, cats, or other common household pets may be kept
provided that they are not kept, bred, or maintained for any
commercial purpose.

    I5. Garbage and Refuse Disposal:  No lot shall be used or
maintained as a dumping ground for rubbish. Trash, garbage or other
waste shall not be kept except in sanitary containers. All
incinerators or other equipment for the storage or disposal of such
material shall be kept in a clean and sanitary condition and stored
in a manner either inside a garage or other building or below ground
so as not to be visible from other property.

    16. Storage:  No building material of any kind or character
shall be placed or stored upon a building site until the owner is
ready to commence improvements in compliance with an approved
architectural plan and then such materials shall be placed within
the property lines of the building site upon which improvements are
to be erected.

    17. Street Sight Line Obstruction:  No fence, wall, hedge or
shrub planting which obstructs sight lines at elevations between two
and six feet above the roadways shall be placed or permitted to
remain on any corner lot within the triangular area formed by the
street property lines and a line connecting them at points 30 feet
from the intersection of the street property lines, or in the case
of a rounded property corner, from the intersection of the street
property lines extended. Further, none of the above described
obstructions shall be placed or permitted to remain in the
triangular area formed by a street property line, either edge of any
driveway, and a line connecting a point thirty (30) feet outward
from the edge driveway and a point on the edge of the driveway ten
(10) feet from the street property line.

    18. Sewerage System:  A sanitary sewer system has been installed
in the Subdivision and, therefore, no individual sewage disposal
system shall be installed or maintained on any lot.

    19. Off-street Parking:  All property owners shall provide
either a garage or car-port for the number of automobiles in use by
the resident on the property. All property owners or residents in
the Subdivision owning or possessing trucks which they desire to
park in the Subdivision shall provide and use an enclosed garage for
the storage of same when not in use.

    20. Sidewalks and Driveways:  Each property owner shall repair
and maintain in good condition any sidewalk provided for his
respective lot until such time as the responsibility for repair and
maintenance has been accepted by public authorities. Driveways
between the sidewalk and street shall be paved with concrete or
asphalt, or Portland cement, minimum of five (5) inch thickness.

    21. Nuisances:  No noxious or offensive activity shall be
carried on upon any lot, nor shall anything be done thereon which
may be or may become an annoyance or nuisance to the neighborhood;
weeds on vacant lots shall be cut between June 1 and June 15, and
again between  September I and September 15 in each year. If the lot
owner fails to do so the Architectural Committee may cause weeds to
be cut and a lien may be filed against the property for weed mowing,
not to exceed $25.00 annually. Lot owners shall endeavor to keep
lots clean of debris and waste materials so as to preserve a neat
appearance in the Subdivision.

    22. Waiver:  The failure of the Architectural Committee, any
building site owner or the present owner of said Subdivision to
enforce any of the restrictions, conditions, covenants,
reservations, liens or charges to which said property, or any part
thereof, is subject, shall in no event be deemed a waiver of the
right to do so thereafter or to enforce any other restriction,
condition, covenant, reservation lien or charge.

    23. Dedication:  Lincolnshire Realty Co. hereby grants and
dedicates for the use of the public as streets, drives, and
sidewalks, all of the streets, drives and sidewalks shown on said
plat, and each of said streets and drives shall be hereafter known
by the respective names designated thereon, reserving, however, unto
Lincolnshire Realty Co., its successors and assigns, permanent
easements as set forth above, and also across or under all streets,
drives and sidewalks shown on said plat for the installation and
maintenance of storm drains, sanitary sewers, tile, water and gas
mains and electric and telephone lines; provided further that no
person or member of the public shall at any time in the future use
any part of the streets, drives, or sidewalks for the purpose of
running any sewer or sanitary tile on, under or  across  said
streets or drives without the written permission of Lincolnshire
Realty Co., its successors and assigns.

    24. Term:  Except as provided in Paragraph 26, these covenants
are to run with the land and shall be binding upon all parties and
all persons under them for a period of twenty-five (25) years from
the date these covenants are recorded, after which time said
covenants shall be automatically extended for successive periods of
ten (10) years unless an instrument signed by a person or persons
then owning a majority of the platted lots in Lincolnshire Fields
West I has been recorded, agreeing to change said covenants in whole
or in part.

    25. Enforcement:  Enforcement shall be by proceedings at law or
in equity against any person or persons violating or attempting to
violate any covenant, either to restrain violation or to recover
damages.

    26. Authority to Release Rights:  The owners of legal title or
record of eighty per cent (80%) of the building sites in
Lincolnshire Fields West I shall have the authority at any time to
release all or, from time to time, any part of the restrictions,
conditions, covenants, reservations, liens or charges herein set
forth applicable to such area and upon the recording of such waiver
or release in the Recorder's Office of Champaign County, Illinois,
such restrictions, conditions, covenants, reservations, liens or
charges shall no longer be required under the provisions herein set
forth.

    27. Homeowners Association:  It is understood that all lot
owners shall be members in Lincolnshire Fields Homeowners
Association, a not for profit corporation organized under the laws
of the State of Illinois. All lot owners in LINCOLNSHIRE FIELDS WEST
I agree to accept membership in said association and to abide and be
bound by the reasonable rules and regulations of said association
and to maintain membership therein so long as such lot ownership is
retained. Each owner-member shall be subject to assessment for
annual dues to the association not to exceed $25.00 unless a larger
amount is approved by the owners of 80% of the lots. It is further
specifically understood that fire service protection shall be
contracted for the Subdivision through the Homeowners Association
and that each lot, when improved with a residence, will be subject
to an assessment for its pro-rata share of the expense of the
contract with the fire department and the fire hydrant rental.

    Accordingly, the Homeowners Association shall have the following
powers:

      (a)  Authority to enforce these covenants.

      (b)  Authority to levy a fire protection assessment.

    28. Lake Lincolnshire:  With respect to Lake Lincolnshire, it is
provided as follows:

      (a) Lake water shall not be used for ground watering purposes,
except for watering the areas located within the boundaries of
Lincolnshire Fields golf course, which right is expressly reserved
to the subdivider and his assigns.

      (b) No pollutants shall be discharged into the lake;
accordingly, owners shall be responsible for prohibiting the
discharge of pollutant from their respective lots into the lake. A
violation of provision shall subject the lot owner to a penalty of
$25.00 for each violation of this provision; with respect to a
continuing violation, if any, the penalty shall be $15.00 per day
for each day that the lot owner permits the violation to continue to
occur after notice thereof to the lot owner.

      (c) Boats longer than fourteen (14) feet in length shall not
be permitted upon the lake. No boats shall be equipped with
mechanized power except an electric trolling type motor.

    29. Tracts "A" and "B" shown on the plat of Lincolnshire Fields
West I designates areas reserved for access purposes to and from the
lake or golf course for lot owners whose property does not abut upon
the golf course or lake.

    30. Post Lantern:  Each lot owner shall, upon actual occupancy
of his lot, install and maintain a gas or electric post lantern
within ten (10) feet of the intersection of his driveway and street
right-of-way. The lantern shall be illuminated during the hours of
darkness and shall be equipped with an automatic control device for
this purpose. The lantern shall be equipped with appropriate lights
having an equivalent of seventy-five (75) watts.

    31. Construction:  If it shall at any time be held that any of
the restrictions, conditions, covenants, reservations, liens, or
charges herein provided, or any part thereof, is invalid or for any
reason becomes unenforceable, no other restrictions, conditions,
covenants, reservations, liens or charges, or any part thereof,
shall be thereby affected or impaired.

    IN WITNESS WHEREOF, this instrument has been executed by the
President and Secretary respectively of LINCOLNSHIRE REALTY CO.,
pursuant to authority granted to them by the Board of Directors of
said corporation at a meeting duly called and held in accordance
with the By-Laws of said corporation.

        DATED at Champaign, Illinois, this 6th day of January, 1972

        LINCOLNSHIRE REALTY CO., a Delaware Corporation

            By:  ___________________________________
              R. R. Shapland, its President

ATTEST:

  _______________________________________________
    J. Michael O'Byrne, its Secretary



STATE OF ILLINOIS   ) 
        ) ss
COUNTY OF CHAMPAIGN   )

    I, the undersigned, in and for said County, in the State
aforesaid, DO HEREBY CERTIFY that R. R. Shapland, personally known
to me to be the President of LINCOLNSHIREREALTY CO., and J. Michael
O'Byrne, personally known to me to be the Secretary of said
corporation, and personally known to me to be the same persons whose
names are subscribed to the foregoing instrument, appeared before me
this day in person and severally acknowledged that as such President
and Secretary, they signed and delivered the said instrument as
President and Secretary of said Corporation, and caused the
corporate seal of said Corporation to be affixed thereto, pursuant
to authority given by the Board of Directors of said corporation as
their free and voluntary act, and as the free and voluntary act and
deed of said Corporation, for the uses and purposes therein set
forth.

        GIVEN under my hand and seal this 6th day of January, 1972.

            ____________________________________________
              Patricia Walker, Notary Public

</pre>
