---
layout: main
link: Board Meeting, Aug. 7, 2006
title: Minutes of the LFHA Board Meeting, Aug. 7, 2006
categories: [minutes]
---

Location: Home of Dominic Skaperdas, 2209 Valleybrook Dr., Champaign 

Members Present: Jerry Benson, Kassie Nudo, Sue Schimmel, Ann
Webbink, Dominic Skaperdas

Members Absent: Robert Frederick, Greg Thorn

Call to Order: The meeting was called to order at 7:00 PM

Approval of the Minutes: The minutes of the Board meeting of May 9,
2006 were reviewed and approved.

Treasurer's Report: 
  Ann Webbink reported on expenditures in the period 4/3/06 to
8/5/06 and the ending balance at the end of the period. The report
was accepted by the Board and is appended to these minutes.

President's Report: 
  Jerry informed the Board that no letters in response to complaints
had to be sent since the last Board meeting. Only two telephone
calls were made, including one to Mrs. Cangellaris regarding ruts
made on her lawn by a Concrete truck using the only accessible entry
to the SE commons.  Jerry passed out maps of the LFHA area for
inclusion into the LFHA Board Members Books.   Jerry notified the
Board that efforts to form a Commons Committee would commence prior
to the next Board meeting.

Old Business: 
  Sue Schimmel reported on the completion of the cleanup brick wall
at the Kirby/Cobblefield entrance. Mr. Seaton cleared the site of
overgrown weeds and brush for $50.00 and made it look presentable.

  Jerry reported on the latest news regarding the proposed Champaign
South West Mass Transit District (CSW MTD). There are currently five
nominees for the CSW MTD Board. A CSW MTD committee may ask for a
$5.00 contribution from those LFHA members who live West ofI57 to
help form the new transit board. Bids for removing a tree in the NW
commons were received. Mike Burkett presented the lowest bid of $800
for tree and stump removal. The Board accepted his bid.

New Business: 
  Ann presented a report showing seven home sales in the LFHA area
from May 26 to Auust 25. 2006. The Board discussed procedures for
making sure that notices of these sales are made to our treasurer to
ensure that all assessments on these properties have been paid and
LFHA's member lists are up to date.

  A motion was made and passed to levy a yearly assessment of $25.00
in place of once every two or three years in order to have funds
available for emergencies such as tree removal, sign upkeep,
maintaining the commons areas and entrances and other cost increases
due to inflation. Ann was assigned to write the letter notifying
LFHA homeowners of the new assessment policy and the payment due
date of Oct 31, 2006.

  The fall newsletter will be sent out around November 1 st. The
newsletter will announce the date for the Fall Yard Waste Pickup.
Jerry will call Champaign Township Road Commissioner David McGath to
establish the pickup date. The newsletter will also remind
homeowners of the new assessment, the requirement for a working yard
light for each home, the duty to keep premises free of litter,
sidewalks unimpeded and clear of debris and to remind their real
estate agents to notify the LFHA treasurer when selling their
properties.

Next Board Meeting: The next Board meeting was set for Tuesday,
November 7,2006, 7:00 PM at the home of Jerry Benson, 1905 Trout
Valley

Respectfully submitted, 

Dominic Skaperdas, Secretary
