---
layout: main
title: Minutes of the LFHA Board Meeting, August 06, 2007 
categories: [minutes]
---

Location: Original Pancake House, Champaign, Illinois

Members present: Jerry Benson, Robert Frederick, Sue Schimmel, Ann
Webbink, Kathy Barton, Greg Thom, Jennace Linton

Call to order: The call to order was given at 7:30 A. M.

Approval of the Minutes: The minutes of the May 15, 2007 meeting
were approved

Treasurer's Report: 
  Ann indicated the report does not include up to date interest. IP
payment looks higher than usual. It usually shows payment for 3
months and this one includes payments for 4 months. The filing fee
is for the Jack Hayes lien. Two copies of the dues letter were
distributed. The longer one indicated late fees would be imposed for
payments not received by October 31. Ann asked which one was the
preferred version. The longer of the two approved to be sent out.
This assessment will be for calendar year 2008 (January-December)
which makes it to easier for real estate people to figure when a
home is sold. The financial statements were sent in for audit. The
CD was renewed for another 3 months. The treasurer's report was
accepted. A copy attached to the secretary's report.

President's Report: 
  On the CUMTD dispute, Jerry indicated that billing has been put
off till next year, thus the protest will come next year. Sue
indicated that she was billed and thought we could still protest, so
the situation still needs to be looked into and clarified.

  Champaign Fire Truck has been seen in the area but think it is
because a resident who is a fire fighter lives in this area.

  A few calls have been received about the common areas. Bob will
make his report to address those issues.

Old Business: 
  Del Wilken, President of the Bentbrook Condominium Assn. wrote a
letter to Jerry to request that LFHA assume payment in the amount of
$374 for repairs to the broken water lines and leveling ground and
replacing sod that occurred when work was done installing a pole
light at the northwest corner of Staley Rd. and Bentbrook Dr.
(Letter attached to secretary report). Jerry proposed that we pay
$124 to keep our positive relationship with the association. Jerry
moved that Bob draft a letter to the association to indicate that we
will pay $124 toward the bill upon release of liability. Ann
seconded the motion. Passed 6-1.

  Sue discussed the sign post removal at Bentbrook Staley
intersection. The old pole has a live wire and metal box. A letter
has been sent to Ameren. The consensus was that Lowel should look
into this and take care of this issue. 

  Bob reported that the North Commons is 99% encroachment free. Both
he and Steve walked the area and noted what needed to be done. The
South Commons needs a walk through and he, Steve, Lila Jean
Eichleberger, and Jennace Linton will do one this Fall.  Bob will
set that up.

  The Web Site is up and running and board members should take a
look at it:   www.lincolnshirefields.org.

New Business: 
  It was decided that the Fall yard pickup will be the Monday after
Thanksgiving. 

  Sue is patting together the Fall newsletter. Things to be included
are: Fall yard pick up dates, dues reminder, recycle information,
reminder about yard light, and website address. She asked if there
was any other information to be included and gave an Oct. 15th
deadline to get information to her.      
                                                                    
Next Board Meeting:    November 5, 7:00 P.M. at Sue Schimmel's home.

Adjournment: Meeting was at 8:30 A.M.

Respectfully submitted,
Jennace Linton, Secretary
