---
layout: main
link: Board Meeting, February 13, 2008
title: Minutes of the LFHA Board Meeting, February 13, 2008 
categories: [minutes]
---

Location: Jerry Benson's home, Champaign, Illinois

Members present: Jerry Benson Robert Frederick Sue Schimmel, Ann
Webbink, Kathy Barton, Greg Thom

Call to order: The call to order was given at 7:07 p.m.

  Approval of Minutes: Motion to approve minutes of the November 5,
2007 meeting made by Bob Fredenck and seconded by Greg Thom. Minutes
approved.

Treasurer's Report: 
  Ann Webbink passed out current treasurer's report for the period
from 11-6-07 through 1-31-08. Items clarified: The Greens Condos
Repay was for two homeowners who paid separately in addition to the
group payment, refund $25 to each. Lowell Seaton was paid for
pruning and cleaning up the area at the Lincolnshire Fields sign on
Kirby and Cobblefield. James Magnuson was paid for work done on the
LFHA website. (He will continue to maintain the site even if he
sells his house.) Status on assessments (dues) owed: four homeowners
have not paid; one has two properties. Liens may be initiated
against these people. Ann asked if it was necessary for her to keep
track of refinances. The answer: "no." Ann has filled out the form
for the state and filed it. Postage for letters is $46.89. The
treasurer's report was accepted.

President's Report: 
  Bob Frederick has drafted a release to send to the Bentbrook
Condominium Assn. dealing with the sprinkler issues. Some of the
members are in Florida or elsewhere so the releases will be signed
by May.

  Jerry had three calls about cars parked on the street (handled by
talking to people involved) and a few calls about early morning
trash pick-up by one of the haulers. There are no covenants against
that or putting trash out the night before pick-up. Board members
had suggested that unhappy individuals change trash haulers. The
Greens Condo Association has paid to be part of LFHA. Jerry has
drafted a letter to send to the Lincolnshire Condos which he will
bring next time.

Old Business: 
  Sue asked if it would be possible to hire someone to prepare,
plant, and maintain the Lincolnshire Fields entry sign area at Kirby
and Cobblefield. The Greens Condos use Brown & Woods Landscaping.
She will contact them to get an estimate. Kathy asked about other
signs at various entrances. This suggestion had been raised before
and researched. Durable, high-quality signs would be too expensive
to put at eight sites. Our main sign is actually owned by the
township. Signs for other subdivisions in the area were put in and
are maintained by the developers. 

CSW MTD report: 
  The judge has denied Urbana's attempt to join the case on the side
of the CU-MTD, but he allowed Champaign to do so. The case has been
pushed forward. There is no time-line, but maybe a ruling will be
coming this spring.

Commons Committee Report: 
  Bob said that one commons did a great job, but the other needs
more work. He has drafted a letter which will go out to people who
live there. Bob will do a walk-through in April. He would like to
have Steve Johnson with him, if possible.

Website report: 
  It was very helpful to look up covenants when a question arouse
from a homeowner. A realtor complimented Ann about the site.

Yard lights: 
  Most people do a good job keeping up with this. Homes with
absentee owners or ones that are "for sale" seem to be the biggest
problem.

Board Member Candidates: 
  Kathy will be helping Sue with the spring newsletter to team how
to do that. Bob Frederick agreed to be vice-president, replacing
Greg.

New Business: 
  Board Members: Greg will contact Bob Todd (Stoneybrook resident)
and Sue will contact Jeanne Martin (Byrnebruk resident) to see if
they will serve on the board. Paul Beck is a possible, also. Beth
Nelson's name was mentioned. Jerry will remain on the board to help,
but we will need a new person for president.

Spring Newsletter: 
  It should go out the first week of April so that homeowners will
know the date of the spring yard waste pick-up and have the proxy
form for the annual meeting. The yard waste pick-up will be on
Monday, May 5, 2008. Other items in the newsletter will be the '07
budget and whatever Sue thinks is appropriate. Sue coordinates with
Martha Baddour who formats the newsletter and then sends it to
Up-Close Printing. They mail it to members.

Annual meeting: 
  The annual meeting is usually the second Tuesday of the month of
May, so a motion was made by Bob and seconded by Greg to change to
the third Tuesday-- May 20, 2008-- because so many board members had
conflicts. The meeting will be held at Lincolnshire Fields Country
Club. Greg will reserve the room.

Possible Projects: 
  Some pruning and tree removal may be necessary in a few areas of
the commons. That would be paid for from the LFHA treasury.

Other: 
  There is a problem in some areas with drains discharging into the
streets. In some places, there is an accumulation of water which
freezes in the gutter. Jetty said that Dave McGath would speak to
this at the annual meeting.

Next Board Meeting: Jerry will communicate by e-mail if necessary. 

Adjournment: Meeting was adjourned at 8:22 p.m. 

Addendum to the LFHA Board minutes of February 13, 2008

  The board voted by email in favor of accepting Brown Woods bid on
landscaping the entrance to the subdivision at Kirby and Cobblefield
for $1646.10. The board also agreed to have Brown Woods apply a
pre-emergent and a fertilizer 4 times per year.

Respectfully submitted,
Jennace Linton, Secretary
