---
layout: main
link: Board Meeting, November 3, 2008
title: Minutes of the LFHA Board Meeting, November 3, 2008
categories: [minutes]
---

Location: Ann Webbink's home

Members Present: Bob Todd, Robert Frederick, Ann Webbink, Jeanne
Martin, Kathy Barton, Jennace Linton

Members absent: Jerry Benson

Call to order: The call to order was given at 7:05 P.M. 

Approval of Minutes: The August 4, 2008 minutes were approved. 

President's Report: 
Bob reported that Dave McGrath, Road Commissioner has retired. He
cooperated well with the board and homeowners. It's our hope that
Keith Padgett, the new commissioner, will continue in the same vein.
Keith will retain the same contact numbers. 

The yard waste pick up is scheduled for Nov. 24th. There will be an
increase in the cost per stop. 

Bob addressed questions and concerns brought to him by homeowners:
      *Fire pit is taken care of in the SE Commons. A letter sent by
a homeowner thanking the board for taking action in a profession and
diplomatic way. 
      * Bob called people making the complaints about flower bed
      * conditions, grass, weeds, etc where homes are for sale
      * and/or vacant and suggested they should call the Real Estate
      * company handling the property. 
      *A letter has been sent to a homeowner on Meadow Brook Ct
since several people have complained about its deteriorating
condition. The home is literally falling down with broken gutters,
and fencing and roofing repairs are needed. It seems the personal
situation with the homeowner is not good with a divorce, depression
and financial problems. The neighbors have been helping by mowing
the lawn. The county and the board can't do anything. 
      *A letter was sent to Bob about items left outside a home that
is having some construction done on it. Not only was the letter
nasty but since it was unsigned as well, the board's view is to
ignore the complaint. 
      *People would like to see the Lincolnshire field sign at
Cobblefield and Kirby maintained. This presents a problem because
the land is private where the sign is located and the landowners
don't want to be responsible for plantings around the sign. It was
suggested that we look into more in 2009 and perhaps even consider
having the sign removed.  

Treasurer's Report: Ann handed out the current financial report. She
stated that the interest rate is low on the CD. Ann noted that we
received payment from Glenshire Association. It was approved that
Ann may purchase stamps. 

Ann questioned LFHA paying power for several of the lights that
might not be our responsibility such as at Cobblefield /Kirby, NE
corner of Stoneybrook/Duncan, and Windsor/Eagle Ridge. When Ameren
was called, these were indicated as city property. Bob will talk to
Steve Carter, city manager and see what can be resolved. 



Old Business 
On the matter of the Southeast Commons, discussions continued about
how the proposals set forth would affect neighbor relations caused
by forcing removal, properties with pools needing fences for
insurance and liability, legal battles that could ensue following
Board action to force an end to encroachments, and the added expense
to the LFHA should SE Commons homeowners respond to Board action by
terminating maintenance activities, including lawn mowing. The board
resolved that it does not favor the removal of difficult-to-move
encroachments such as fences & pools and preferred to grandfather in
all existing encroachments rather than picking and choosing some
encroachments such as certain fences that are more than 25 years
old. Bob Fredericks was given the task of putting together a plan
that would be voted on at the next meeting to grandfather in
existing encroachments with a statement that no new structures or
plantings take place without board approval. A hold harmless
document will be requested from affected homeowners that would free
LFHA from liability exposure in those areas. It was also decided
that a committee be formed regarding limiting the vehicular traffic
onto the SE commons.

A letter was sent to Lincolnshire Condominium Association but there
was no response so it is assumed that they do not wish to be a part
of LFHA. 

Bentbrook Association was sent a letter about the sprinkler repairs.
They signed off on it, which now concludes our business with that
situation.

In previous years, yard waste was collected on the Monday following
Thanksgiving. Since Thanksgiving was later this year, the fall date
was set for November 24th , which is a week prior to Thanksgiving.
Before selecting a date for next year, checking how much waste was
picked up might determine if we again select the Monday after
Thanksgiving or an earlier date.  

The Web site covenants were not discussed as Jerry knows more about
which ones are missing on the site and he was absent.    

New Business: 
LFHA wishes to tend to some of the trees on the southeast commons
that need trimming or removal.  It was suggested that Bob Frederick
and Jennace Linton walk the SE commons in the spring to consider
which trees should be trimmed and bring those recommendations to the
May meeting.  

LFHA board membership needs to be considered at the next meeting so
a slate of members and officers can be submitted at the annual
meeting. Bob Frederick will be leaving. Ann Webbink is willing to
continue as Treasurer. It is suggested that we look at our board
make-up to consider representation on both sides of the LFHA
community. 

Miscellaneous Business
Several years ago a realtor printed a handbook of neighbors. Several
members thought it would be a nice idea to resurrect that again.
Since the homes change ownership frequently, the feasibility of
creating one was discussed.  It was decided that this might be
something to discuss at the annual meeting and also wondered if a
realtor might be approached to again consider putting one together. 

Next Board Meeting: February 19, 7:00 P.M. at Kathy Barton's, 1903
Byrnebruk. Champaign
Adjournment: 8:15 P.M.
