---
layout: main
title: Minutes of the LFHA Board Meeting May 19, 2009 
categories: [minutes]
---

Call to Order: Held at the Lincolnshire Fields County club, the call
to order was given at 8:05 P.M. 
Members Present : all present: Bob Todd, Ann Webbink, Kathy Barton,
Jeanne Martin, Scott Anderson, Jerry Benson, and Jennace Linton. 
Approval of Minutes:  The minutes of the February 2009 meeting were
approved.

President's Report:
Since the annual meeting preceded this meeting, most of the
president's business items were  covered at the annual meeting and
heard by all board members at that time. 

Treasurer's Report
Ann referred us to the financial report just submitted at the annual
meeting and passed out the proposed budget for the upcoming year.
She believes that since the number of scheduled Fall yard pick ups
was increased at the annual meeting, money budgeted in the yard
waste category should be increased to reflect 2 fall pick ups. Ann
suggested an amount needed to cover this new expenditure. This
amended budget was then voted on and approved.  Ann will change the
figures and distribute the corrected budget at the next meeting. 

Old Business
Mr. Hays will scan in the covenants.

Ann brought up the street light transfer with the 3 lights belonging
to the city at Kirby/Coblefield; Duncan/Stoneybrook; and
Windsor/Fields South. The bills are hard to decipher and Anne
believes the amount has not changed after being told it would be
taken care of by the power company. Bob agreed to call Ameren and
see what he can find out.

Bob Frederick completed his term of office. He was not able to
rework the agreed upon common south proposal into a more legal
looking document.  Scott agreed to look it over to see if it needed
rewording. 

On the Southwest MTD situation, the judge is currently carrying the
case. 

New Business
It was suggested the we consider an annual picnic/get together for
LFHA members. Having it on the South West Commons was suggested. In
years past, that had been the site of an annual Labor Day event. 

Officers and committee chairs were nominated and elected: 
      Bob Todd will remain President
      Scott Anderson will become the new Vice President
      Ann Webbink will remain Treasurer 
      Jennace Linton will remain Secretary
      Kathy Barton will continue to do the newsletters.

Next Board Meeting: Tues, Aug. 11th at 7:00 A.M. Original Pancake
House. Jeanne will make reservations.

Adjournment:  The meeting was adjourned at 8:30 P.M.
