---
layout: main
link: AGM May 19, 2009
title: Minutes of the LFHA AGM May 19, 2009 
categories: [minutes]
---
LINCOLNSHIRE FIELDS HOMEOWNERS ASSOCIATION
MINUTES OF THE ANNUAL MEETING, MAY 19, 2009

The annual meeting of the Lincolnshire Fields Homeowners Association
(LFHA) was held at Lincolnshire Fields Country Club, 2000 Byrnebruk,
Champaign, IL on May 19, 2009 at 7:00 P.M.

Board Members Present: Bob Todd, Greg Thom, Jeanne Martin, Kathy
Barton, Ann Webbink, Robert Frederick, Jennace Linton

Board Members Absent: none

Call to Order: President Bob Todd called the meeting to order at
7:00 P.M.  
Bob asked if we had a quorum, which we did with the 109 proxy votes
and 34 attendees. 

Approval of the May 20, 2008 Annual meeting minutes: Copies of the
minutes were distributed to the attendees before the meeting
started.  A motion was made and passed to accept the minutes.

Presidents Report:
  Bob Todd reported that the Fall and Spring clean up went well. Bob
introduced the new Township Road Commissioner, Keith Padgett.  Keith
assumed the position last September when Dave McGath retired. Keith
reported on a few things affecting the LFHA. He indicated that the
Marathon which had a course run through Lincolnshire Fields on April
11th went smoothly. He anticipated a great deal of garbage and left
over water bottles but was pleasantly surprised to find very little
litter and the palates of water had been removed quickly. Asphalt
work is being done on Club House Drive, Byrnebruk, Valleybrook and
Meadowbrook. On Farmington and Woodfield, some concrete work is
being done. He too mentioned the fall and spring pick ups. More was
put out this year than in previous years. Wet bags of debris are a
problem as they need to be hauled to a different location other than
the township burn area. He asked us to spread the word that wet
material is a problem and more costly to remove. There was a
question from the floor that indicated some wet material may be a
result of having to “hold” the leaves for such a long period of time
since they begin to fall in Oct but not done until late November
usually. The possibility of 2 pickups was suggested. Keith said that
he could accommodate that if the association could afford the extra
pick up. The board will look at the budget and consider an October
as well as November pickup. Keith also mentioned that homeowners may
bring their BURNABLES to the Township Highway Department dump site,
which is located near the Township Hall at the end of Kearns Road
off Staley between the hours of 7 A.M.-3:30 P.M. Monday through
Friday. There is no dumping fee. A question was asked as to whose
responsibility it was to mow the grass in the ditch area across from
the fire station of Fields South between Farmington and Staley.
Keith will look into it and see who is responsible. Keith also
indicated that many new signs were being replaced throughout
Lincolnshire Fields. 

Treasurer’s Report:
  Ann Webbink presented the report for the last fiscal year.  She
noted that although dues were not collected last year, the
association should charge the assessment fee this fiscal year. She
explained that if the assessment is not paid, a lien on the property
will be filed.  Ann indicated that the Ameren bill still might be
higher than it should be since some lights that the city should be
paying still seem to be on the association’s bill.  This still needs
to be rectified. She also indicated that this report shows that the
room rent for the annual 08 board meeting was paid in 09.  A motion
was made and passed to accept the treasurer’s report. 

Old Business:
  Commons: Bob Fredericks explained the Commons situation. There are
two commons-the SE and NE. On the NE commons, encroachments have
been cured. On the SE Commons, there are still some encroachments
that have existed for a long time from very old trees to fences and
flowerbeds. The board has been working with the issue and has agreed
to make a proposal that will grandfather in existing encroachments. 

  Website-covenants: Lincolnshire Fields Homeowners Association has
a web site where the minutes and board members names and contact
information is available.  They had hoped to have all the covenants
on the web but it was a big job which has not been completed.
Volunteer help is being recruited but if we don’t get help, then the
association might have to pay to get this task completed. 

New Business:
  Bylaw changes: Since 1/5 of the membership is currently required
to meet the requirements of a quorum (approximately 90) and it is
often difficult to obtain a quorum year after year at the annual
meeting, Steve Johnson proposed that we should reduce the quorum
requirement from 1/5th to 1/10th of the membership. He explained
that the 1/10th  requirement is not out of line with other
organizations of our size and nature. Steve presented the board with
a formal written bylaw proposal. Bob Frederick seconded the
proposal. It passed with a show of hands. No objections. *The bylaw
statement is attached in a separate document. 

Election of New Board Members:
  Bob Frederick and Ann Webbink’s three year terms have now expired.
Bob would like to take a break from the board while he enjoys
retirement. Bob was thanked for his years of service. Ann Webbink
would like to be re-appointed for another 3 years. Scott Anderson
has agreed to accept a position on the board. He has been a resident
of Lincolnshire Fields for over 20 years. No other nominations being
made, a motion was made to accept the re-appointment of Ann Webbink
and nominate Scott Anderson as new members of the Board for a 3 year
term, each. Motion carried. It was seconded and passed.  


Miscellaneous Business:
  Sign: The board has been working on beautifying the area around
the entrance sign to the subdivision (on Cobblestone). They have
agreed that it needs to be maintained; however at this time, it is
on private property. Bob Todd is trying to get a release to allow us
to maintain the sign but it does not look like it is forthcoming.
The Board is now trying to see if we can get volunteers to fix up
the area rather than trying to get a release and have it landscaped.
The homeowner has been contacted but does not return Bob’s phone
calls.   

  Concerns: Bob reported that he called a homeowner and asked if the
blue tarp being used it to cover up construction materials could be
removed. Currently it is still there and since it is not in
violation of any covenants all Bob can do is make a request to have
it removed. It was expressed at the meeting that a different house
has large ladders hanging on the side of the house that are visible
to several home owners across the course from the residence. Bob
will talk to that family and see if they are willing to rectify the
situation. 

  Solicitation: It was noted that several people think the
solicitation as well as more pressure to purchase has increased in
the area. Someone from the audience stated that when faced with a
solicitator, you should ask if they are registered with the county
Sheriff and do they have a permit. 

  Annual meeting notice: It was suggested that perhaps next year, we
should post signs around the subdivision about the annual meeting as
some other associations have done. 

  Sump pumps: Keith brought up the fact that between 10-12
homeowners have sump pumps improperly hooked up to drain into the
street. There is nothing in the covenants about sump pumps. The
expense to change these over is about $14,000 in some cases. Keith
says that he is looking at what can be done and how the township
might share in the expenses to eventually rectify an old problem
that has existed since many of these homes were originally built. 

Adjournment:
  The annual meeting was adjourned at 8:00 P.M. 


            Respectfully submitted,
            Jennace Linton, Secretary
