---
layout: main
link: Board Meeting Monday, February 16, 2012
title: Minutes of the LFHA Board Meeting Monday, February 16, 2012
categories: [minutes]
---

Call to order: President Scott Anderson called the meeting to order at 7:00 P.M. at the home of Max Mitchell. 

Members Present: Scott Anderson, Ann Webbink, Paul Kane, John Ison, Jennace Linton, Max Mitchell.

Members Absent: Jeff Hays

President’s Report: call for reports from officers was given at 7:10. 

Approval of Minutes:  A spelling error was corrected in the November minutes. With this corrected, the minutes were approved.

Treasurer’s Report: Ann passed out the treasurer’s report. It contained the 3 month financial report as well as the fiscal year summary. The fiscal year summary should go into the newsletter as well as passed out at the annual meeting.  Scott declared that the dues for 2012 have been approved for $50. Ann sent out the letter billing owners the $50. For the most part, people have paid the new amount without a problem. The charge of $50 is for the year of 2012 only. This issue will again need to be addressed at the annual meeting as well as made mention of in the spring newsletter. The income tax report was filed. Ann asked to be reimbursed in the amount of $107.74 for postage and copying. The board accepted the treasurer’s report and the reimbursement of the submitted bill. 

President’s Report: Max Mitchell was congratulated for now being on the county board. There were no complaints from residents since the last meeting. Scott reported that 30 of the beacon lamps have been sold at $12 each. There are several remaining and we might see if these can be sold at the annual meeting since these are nice in an emergency situation. 

Old Business: 
Although solar lighting was added on a trial basis to see if this provided a simple solution to the lighting, it seems that it is really inadequate. Scott indicated that he talked to Ameren. He thinks even though it could cost some money that we should consider a permanent light. This would mean that an electrical engineer should be consulted to see about a box and line. It would be nice to discuss this at the annual meeting as well as let the property owner of the sign know what we are considering. It was suggested that we talk to Witte Electric or Electric Bob. 

We need to see if Sharon Dill and Jean Martin are again willing to maintain the plants around the sign this summer. We need to let them know that the board supports reimbursement for supplies needed to maintain the current plantings. John said that he would contact them. 

The date for the garage sale will be June 9th from 8:00 A.M to noon. Jeff will over see this project. We all discussed ways to advertise the event without it costing a great deal yet hoping to advertise it enough to make this first attempt at a neighbor project a success. 

Scott indicated that as requested by Ann, he looked over the insurance policy and made sure that it was legally meeting our association’s needs. 

 New Business: 

Scott passed out a letter written by Carl Webber to the board about possible
ideas he has to update the image of the neighborhood. (letter maintained
within February meeting section).  Carl points out there are new subdivisions
that are seeing increased real estate traffic and perhaps a few of his ideas
might be considered to increase real estate traffic and pride in our community.
His letter was reviewed and a board discussion spoke to each issue. 1) We are
currently working on the one new sign and lighting for it as well. There are
actually 7 entrances into the subdivision. It would be nice to have a sign in
each direction with a standard design. This might be something that could be
worked into the budget in upcoming years by perhaps during one sign a year. 2)
Scott will check into seeing if the club might be interested in seeing if a
modest number of cash meals could be purchased by LFHA residents. 3) Since we
do not have a park district or community park, we could let people know that we
have a commons area highlighting pictures in the newsletter, the boundaries,
and how it can be utilized or entered. 4) On the issue of upgrading the
subdivision image, perhaps we could better update our website with services
that are available, the lower tax situation, and the upgrading of property that
has happened within our subdivision over the years. Also, we asked Max to look
into a Lincolnshire Fields “caravan” and talk to fellow real estate agents
about their ideas for upgrade image. 5) We already believe that the township
does a great job with services to our area. It might be nice that an article in
the newsletter highlight some of the things that the township does do. This
type of letter might be good to place in the News Gazette Letter to the Editor
as well as have on our website. We might also pursue talking to the township
about tree renewal on the tree lawns. 6) The advantages of living in a mature
subdivision should be placed on the website. Perhaps we could get a volunteer
to write up such an article. 7) We did not want to get involved in providing
more MTD service or attending MTD meetings as we already have a Southwest MTD
that has been addressing issues of busses running through the subdivision. 8)
We agree that the bridges over the interstate are a safety issue. About 4
months ago the Illinois Dept of Transportation indicated that Kirby was to be
widened and approaches to the bridges would need to be addressed. We do not
know the current timetable and when or if these bridges are to be addressed.
Perhaps we can find out more and encourage the widening of the bridges for the
safety of so many walkers and bikers. 9) In reference to an accessing
Lincolnshire Lake without being a member of the lake association, Scott agreed
to check with the lake homeowners association to see if this is a possibility. 

Bondville Fire Protection District referendum is on the ballot for a levy increase. If it fails, service will no longer be provided. That will then require Lincolnshire Fields to find another source for fire protection. Most likely we would contract with the city. Later this could mean annexation into the city or refusal to carry us for fire protection only. Discussion continued about the high cost of fire protection through the city, the close proximity of the new city fire station to Lincolnshire Fields, homeowner insurance ramifications due to current protection being further away than city services, and property tax costs should we be forced to annex into the city. Motion was made to have LFHA board show support for the referendum. Second made and passed 5 to 1. Scott will write a letter to the New Gazette, Letter to Editor, to explain our position and ask for the support of homeowners in Lincolnshire Fields in passing the Fire Protection District referendum. 

It was noted that Jack Hayes converted his garage into a room. A letter was written to him but Scott will check into it. 

The regular board meeting will follow after the annual meeting. Election of board members will take place. At the annual meeting, both Ann and Scott are up for re-election. Ann is willing to accept a 1 year position and Scott will accept a 3 year position but will not serve as president for the 3 remaining years. A motion was made that we present a slate of the current board members for re-election with Ann’s position being one year and Scott’s being 3 years. Seconded and passed unanimously.

At the annual meeting we again need to address a dues increase for future years. Scott and Jeff will work to re-craft a proposal to present at the meeting that will address how we go about making changes to the fee structure for the future.  

Adjournment:  Next board meeting will be the annual meeting on May 8th at Lincolnshire Fields Club House. Hors d’oeuvres served at 6:30 with cash bar.  Scott will make the arrangements and prepare an agenda. Meeting adjourned 9:00 P.M.

Respectfully submitted,
Jennace Linton

