---
layout: main
title: Minutes of the LFHA Board Meeting Monday, November 17, 2011
categories: [minutes]
---

Call to order: President Scott Anderson called the meeting to order
at 7:00 P.M. at the home of Jennace Linton. 
Members Present: Scott Anderson, Ann Webbink, Paul Kane, John Ison,
Jennace Linton, Jeff Hays, Max Mitchell.
Members Absent: none

President’s Report: call for reports from officers. 

Approval of Minutes:  The minutes of the August meeting were
corrected to show that Paul Kane was not in attendance at the August
2001 meeting. With this amended, the minutes were approved.

Treasurer’s Report: Ann passed out the treasurer’s report. The
second page of the report did not print out properly but it all
balances out. Commenting on points in the report, Ann read a list of
anticipated bills that need to be paid which include fall pick up
fees, $1,000 insurance, $278 in bills incurred by Ann for mailings,
and $392 power bill. We have a lien on 3002 Meadow Brook for a $150.
Ann is feeling some anxiety about the bills being due now and dues
have not been collected to replenish funds. The board accepted the
treasurer’s report and Scott indicated we would discuss the dues
issue later in the meeting in order to resolve the issue. 

Old Business: 
Ann thanked Scott for talking to the homeowners to get a trailer
removed from the backyard area of a home on Farhills. Scott reported
that the construction vehicle on Bentbrook is gone. Jeff talked to
Lori at the Champaign zoning commission. There were no plans for the
light pollution situation in the original plans for Regency West,
There seems little that LFHA can do about it. In the future,
however, we might consider talking to the Regency and see if any
trees or shrubs could be planted on the berm.

New Business: 
Ann asked that someone with knowledge about legal issues look over
the insurance policy and make sure that it is meeting our needs.
Scott said that he would do that. 

It was brought up that at Stoneybrook and Lakeshore the new asphalt
is falling a part. It has been made worse by the Club since their
run off is draining into homeowner’s yards.  Some people are running
their sump pumps all the time and draining the water out into the
problem area. Rather than send a letter, Scott has agreed to call
and talk to the club. We would like the Club to help remedy the
situation for the “good of the neighborhood” and ask that they seek
a possible solution so that the run off drains differently. 

The issue on how we handle the dues situation was discussed. It was
decided that the checks Ann has in her possession should be cashed.
Scott will draft a letter to homeowners. In it, he will: 1) indicate
that the ballot mailed out containing a proposal to increase dues
for this year has not been returned by all members; 2) state that
the board will approach these members and seek to have them return
ballots; 3) state that it is anticipated the proposal to increase
the dues from $25 to $50 for this year only will be approved; 4)
indicate that homeowners should therefore pay the $50 amount for
this year and should the vote not pass by the 80% needed, the
additional $25 will be credited to the homeowner for next year.
Scott will draft the letter and get to Ann soon so bills for dues
can be sent prior to the holidays. 

The remainder of the meeting was spent going through the list of
homeowner’s names (provided by Ann) who either did not vote or voted
no. The board members divided up these names in order to approach
them and either get them to vote, or change a no vote to a yes. By
sending out a letter billing homeowner’s and stating that a credit
might need to be applied to a future year, there is no actual
deadline during the year as to when this vote must be completed. It
was decided that the canvass was worthwhile since so much work has
been put in on it plus there is a good possibility that the 80% can
be reached. It was brought up that since part two of the ballot
failed, the increase is for this year only. We still need to do
something for upcoming years. Discussion continued about why the
proposal to change the tax for upcoming years failed. It was thought
that perhaps it was too confusing as a two-part ballot or maybe
without a cap, people reacted to it negatively.

Adjournment:  Next board meeting will be February 16th at 7:00 at
the home of Max Mitchell. Meeting adjourned 8:30 P.M.
Respectfully submitted,
Jennace Linton
