---
layout: main
link: Board Meeting Wednesday August 8, 2012
title: Minutes of the LFHA Board Meeting Wednesday August 8, 2012
categories: [minutes]
---

Call to order: President Scott Anderson called the meeting to order at 7:15 P.M. at his home. 

Members Present: Scott Anderson, Ann Webbink, Paul Kane, John Ison, Jennace Linton, Max Mitchell, Jeff Hays

Members Absent: 

President’s Report: Scott turned the floor over to Al Nudo for an update on the status of the Southwest MTD. Al discussed the need for transportation to the new YMCA and suggested the best solution would be for the CSWMTD to disband and for Windsor West Apts and the YMCA to then take steps to voluntarily annex to the CUMTD.  There was some discussion. Al outlined in a paper, with remarks by Trustee Don Uchtmann, (attached to minutes) as to why this might be the best course of action at this time. 

Motion passed and seconded that: we explore this further with both districts and seek input from impacted neighbors in order to perhaps make a recommendation to these two districts. Scott agreed to meet with Tom Costello and Bill Volk of the CUMTD and John Ison agreed to meet with the representative  from the SWMTD then both will share their thoughts with the board. 

Approval of Minutes: The minutes from the May 8th board meeting were approved.

Minutes from June 26th meeting: In Jennace’s absence, Jeff prepared the minutes and sent them to everyone via email. They were approved. This additional meeting was designed to check on the status of returned votes for the proposed change to the Bylaws and to learn how many people have not paid dues since the cycle of billing has been changed. It was decided to sent them late dues a postage paid envelop. Everyone given the updated status and names to contact at the August meeting. 

Treasurer’s Report: Ann passed out the treasurer’s report. Ann asked to be reimbursed in the amount of $69 for certified letters on 4 liens. The board accepted the treasurer’s report and the reimbursement of the submitted bill. Ann has been recording votes on the bylaw change status.  Responses of 440 homeowners is: 299 yes and 38 no. 93 have yet to vote. Ann passed out a list of all homeowners who have yet to vote. These were divided up between the board members with hopes that through direct contact, another 53 yes votes can be obtained.

President’s Report: The only complaint was from a resident trying to sell his home near the Adam’s house on Meadow Valley. The Adam’s house is in such a state of disrepair that he feels it is impeding his ability to sell. The association is unable to do anything since the son wants nothing to do with the property Meadowbrook property, the bank has not foreclosed, and the bank wants little to no involvement with it. We will still continue to mow.

Old Business: 
Most everyone was in favor of increasing the dues for 2013. Several figures from $30 to $50 were up for discussion. When the bylaw change is passed, board members will exchange email messages to see if we can come to a consensus and a vote will be taken by email count. Ann wishes to send out the bills in the fall as done previously before holidays and snowbirds leave for the winter. 

 New Business: 
The garage sale was such a success with a great deal of traffic in the area and families participating that it was decided we should do it again next summer. Jeff would like to turn this task on to someone else, however. 

Adjournment: Meeting adjourned 8:30 P.M. Next board meeting will be at Ann’s home on Wednesday the 13th at 7:00 P.M. 

Respectfully submitted,

Jennace Linton
