---
layout: main
link: Board Meeting Wednesday, May 8, 2012
title: Minutes of the LFHA Board Meeting Wednesday, May 8, 2012
categories: [minutes]
---

Call to order: President Scott Anderson called the meeting to order at 8:40 P.M. at the Lincolnshire Fields clubhouse. 

Members Present: Scott Anderson, Ann Webbink, Paul Kane, Jennace Linton, Jeff Hayes

Members Absent: Max Mitchell, John Ison

President’s Report: 
Complaints: It was noted that Jack Hayes converted his garage into a room. A letter was written to him but Scott will check into it. There is a refrigerator sitting out on Farmington road. 

A call for reports from officers was given at 8:45 P.M. 

Approval of Minutes:  February 2012 minutes were approved.

Treasurer’s Report: Ann passed out the quarterly treasurer’s report and proposed budget for the next fiscal year. Ann suggested that the fiscal year summary should go into the newsletter as well as passed out at the annual meeting. The board accepted the treasurer’s report. 

Ann passed out copies of Vern’s bill for JVM Software that included consultation hours from 2008 to present in the amount of $2,808.80. Ann showed that some of this bill has been paid and that there seems to be an overlap in what was paid previously and what is currently due. Board members were appalled to see that Vern was just now submitting a bill. The question arose as to who gave him authority to continue working on the website, accumulating consultation hours without submitting a billing statement. Scott said that he will make contact with Vern and hope to make a settlement as well as seeing about obtaining the rights to the website. 

Old Business: 
Although solar lighting was added on a trial basis to see if this provided a simple solution to the lighting, it is inadequate. Scott will move forward and contact an electrical engineer to price out a box and line. We might also wish to have a committee put together a standard design for future signs so that they look identical as it is a recommendation from the current board that future members consider adding one sign yearly at each of the 6 remaining entrances.  

The dues increase vote last year allowed for the current fiscal year dues only to be $50. In order to pay bills, the board will need to ask homeowners to again approve an increase in membership dues. It was moved that a proposal be drafted to seek an increase in dues for all future years with a ceiling of $50 per year. Motion was seconded and passed. Scott and Jeff will draft the proposal. A meeting on June 26th at 7:00 P.M. at Jeff’s home will outline how the vote is proceeding and what action we should take in the near future prior to bills being sent out in the fall for 2013 dues.  

The date for the garage sale will be June 9th from 8:00 A.M to noon. Jeff is overseeing this project. He has put ads in the newspaper and will look into signs. 

Scott thought maybe he and Paul could attend a Lake Association board meeting sometime to see if there is an easement, perhaps off Byrnebruk, that would allow for neighbors to use the lake.

 New Business: Election of officers: All board members agreed to continue with their current offices and duties. 

Adjournment:  Next meeting will be a fact finding “dues” mission on June 26th at 7:00 P.M. at Jeff’s house.  The regular August board meeting date and place will be set at the conclusion of the June meeting. Adjourned: 9:15 P.M.

Respectfully submitted,

Jennace Linton
