---
layout: main
link: Board Meeting Monday, November 12, 2013 
title: Minutes of the LFHA Board Meeting Monday, November 12, 2012
categories: [minutes]
---


Call to order: President Scott Anderson called the meeting to order at 7:15 P.M. at the home of Ann Webbink. 

Members Present: Scott Anderson, Ann Webbink, John Ison, Jennace Linton, Max Mitchell, 

Members Absent: Paul Kane and Jeff Hays

President’s Report: Scott turned the floor over to Ted Vaughn, chairman of the board for the Southwest MTD. Ted again discussed how the SWMTD was formed, the minimal budget, and the desire not to have bus service in this area. The new YMCA is requesting transportation from CUMTD. It seems like the best solution would be for the SWMTD to disband and then the Windsor West Apts and the YMCA would be provided service by CUMTD.  There was some discussion.  A motion was made and seconded that: LFHA board should NOT take a position on this issue at this time. Motion passed. 

Approval of Minutes: The minutes from the August 8, 2012 board meeting were approved.

Treasurer’s Report: Ann passed out the treasurer’s report. All bills have been paid. The light bill is an estimate since it did not come in time. Printing and postage are low since those billings have yet to be received. Two letters were sent for non-payment of dues with late fee assessed. Ann asked for approval on reimbursement and advance on stamps. If required, Ann will file a report to the state because the By Laws have been changed. Anticipated spring bills will include printing costs, spring pick-ups and insurance. That should leave about $15,000 at the end of the fiscal year. The board accepted the treasurer’s report and the reimbursement and advance on postage.   

President’s Report: Scott handed out a packet containing emails that he has received. One letter asked about hiring a certified arborist to see about protecting the Ash trees on the on the parkway. The board noted that Keith has been cutting down a few Ash trees in the parkway. It is not Keith’s intention that trees be replaced at township cost. He would entertain the idea of allowing homeowners to replace trees with the approval of species from the township. John talked about a replacement tree plan to reimburse owners and found a nursery that would give LFHA a discount if we undertake a replacement tree project. It was noted that along 57 in Eagle Ridge, there are several dead trees that the township will cut down. There was also an email from Wes Seitz in objection to subsidizing others to plant trees. He is also concerned about the ash trees and likewise mentioned hiring an arborist for advice. What to do about trees and replacements will be deferred to next meeting. 

The homeowner at 1702 Byrnebruk contacted the association since the storm drain on this property is clogged and backing up. It is plastic pipe and clogged with roots. It was installed as part of the subdivision and developer most likely gave up responsibility. Scott indicated that we might have some financial  liability since it has been turned over to the Association. Jeff and Scott will check on our responsibility and potential solutions. 

Another complaint came from a homeowner about the neighbor’s dogs. They are constantly barking as well as causing odor from feces. Since it is incessant, she is wondering if there can be anything done using this as a violation of the “nuisance” covenant. In discussion, we decided that we do not have much authority in this situation but Scott thinks a letter should be sent stating the nuisance covenant hopefully getting some remedy for the situation. 

Old Business: 
Scott has been in contact with Vern about the website bill. Vern indicated in a letter that the bill has now been pared down for the covenant hours and charges removed that we indicated were previously paid. The re-submitted bill is $1,452.05. Since we are not happy with the management of this website and his billing procedure, Scott is under the impression that we should consider telling Vern we will pay the bill in full if he will relinquish the site domain to us. We discussed the domain site ownership and how to remove it from Vern’s management. Further investigation on this matter will need to be taken. 

Scott obtained an estimate from Chris Napier about running power from our sign to Illinois Power’s line. In order to connect our sign, a line would need to run under the driveway and then on the other side of the resident’s home. Estimate is $6,850.  Suggestion was to call another electrician for an estimate before taking any action. It was suggested that we look into another sign this year at Stoneybrook and Duncan and consider doing all the electrical at one time. Max indicated that he would look into where the sign could be placed and consent from owners of the land.  

 New Business: 
There have been several burglaries in our area recently. Carl Webber indicated that we might wish to inform association members about a devise he purchased that is a remote power interrupter to the garage door. The board feels this is also a great opportunity to inform association residents about the importance of giving us their email address in order to set up a database for mailings and dissemination of timely information. Ann has been working on it but encountering a few problems as this is not her expertise. Perhaps someone can continue to comprise an email database when her term expires in May. It was suggested that we continue to encourage neighborhood “watches”. 

Adjournment: Meeting adjourned 9:00 P.M. Next board meeting will be at John’s home on February 6th at 7:00 P.M. 

Respectfully submitted,

Jennace Linton

Meeting rescheduled to February 26, 2013


