---
layout: main
link: Board Meeting Tuesday, May 7, 2013
title: Minutes of the LFHA Board Meeting Tuesday, May 7, 2013 
categories: [minutes]
---

Minutes of the LFHA Board Meeting Tuesday, May 7, 2013

Call to order: President Scott Anderson called the meeting to order at 8:10 P.M. at the Lincolnshire Fields clubhouse.

Members Present: Scott Anderson, John Ison, Jeff Hays, Paul Kane, Max Mitchell, Lisa Romero and Lauria Grift

Members Absent: N/A

Approval of Minutes: The minutes from the February 26, 2013 board meeting were approved.

Treasurer’s Report: Ann passed out the treasurer’s report. She reminded the board that she had double paid the drainage fees and lien recording fees in April and this will affect the treasurer’s report for the following year end. The board accepted the treasurer’s report.  After this presentation, the board thanked Ann for her years of service to the board as Treasurer.

Jeff Hayes will send notarized and certified letters regarding liens that haven’t paid taxes since 2009.

A motion was made to pay for of 3-4 new trees, evergreen or such trees as decided, to replace trees that were removed at Eagle Ridge near I-57. The motion passed.

President’s Report: Scott updated the board on a complaint regarding a garbage issue on Cobblefield Court. Jeff Hays said that he knows the people who are causing the problem and will speak with them about it.

Wells Anderson brought a complaint regarding the sump pump dumping into the street on Deerfield Drive.

Scott brought a motion to elect new officers for the board.  The slate proposed by the Presidlent is as follows:
  John Ison, President
  Jeff Hayes, Vice-President
  Lisa Romero, Treasurer
  Lauria Grift, Secretary

The motion passed. The slate is elected.

Old Business: 
Vern Magnuson, the previous webmaster, has not been assisting with the website transition. Scott Anderson suggested that an attorney’s letter be sent to Vern requesting the “.org” site be taken down and that the bill for prior services would be paid if he cooperated. Jeff suggested an offer of settlement and stated that the judicial process risk is $150 for service of summons if further legal action is needed.  Scott suggested an offer of $800 with a complete release provided from Vern.  A motion was made to authorize Paul Kane to negotiate the settlement with Vern Magnuson for past services as webmaster and conclude same. Paul will present to the board via email. The motion passed.

A brochure for HOA Steward was provided to the board members for review. HOA Steward is a local service that provides services to home owner associations such as web hosting, email management and delivery, newsletters and postcards, etc.  A motion was made to appoint HOA Steward to serve as the new webmaster for LFHA going forward. The motion passed.

Gary Buller has agreed to provide electricity for the entrance sign located at Cobblefield and Kirby.  The sign will draw electricity from the Bowler’s garage with the board providing reimbursement based on a single lamp as specified in bid.  Scott will prepare a contract and easement to extend beyond any future sale of the property.  The calculation will be based on dark hours times wattage times the lamp voltage.  A motion was made to authorize the contract and easement granting the right to draw off electricity to be installed by A&R Mechanical. The frequency of reimbursement to Mr. Bowler will be decided at a later date.  The motion was passed.

The board agreed that they would like to replicate the sign at the Cobblefield and Kirby entrance at other entrances to the subdivision. A homeowner offered space at the corner of Stoneybrook and Duncan for placement of an additional sign.  A motion was made to authorize Max Mitchell to pursue additional info regarding the new signage. The motion passed.

The subject of contracting with a single provider for subdivision wide trash pickup and recycling was discussed. It was suggested that a committee be formed to investigate and report back with proposals from the major providers in this area.  Max Mitchell’s main concern is how to enforce the terms of any agreement over the course of time as homeowners buy and sell properties within the subdivision. Another concern is that the vendor may change terms in the future after an agreement has been accepted by the homeowners. It was agreed that recycling services must be considered an essential part of any proposal provided by vendors. Scott Anderson was nominated to investigate as a committee of one.  

Jeff Hayes is preparing an advertisement for the subdivision wide garage sale. The budget and effort will be the same as last year.  Jeff asked the board members to check their garages for annual meeting signs. The frames can be used for signs during the sale.

New Business: 
Incoming President John Ison took the opportunity to lay out several issues before the board that he considers of high importance in the near future. These issues are as follows:

Dates for four quarterly meetings plus the annual meeting.  John will send dates for proposed meetings to be held in August, November, February and May;
Continuous improvement for communications with homeowners within the subdivision and between members of the board;
Draft copies of minutes to be received soon after each meeting;
Resolution to the question of whether or not to install sidewalks in the five areas of the subdivision with gaps between existing sidewalks.

Adjournment: Meeting adjourned 9:30 P.M. Next board meeting will be announced in the near future.

Respectfully submitted,

Lauria Grift
