---
layout: main
link: Board Meeting Tuesday, February 26, 2013
title: Minutes of the LFHA Board Meeting Tuesday, February 26, 2013 
categories: [minutes]
---

Call to order: President Scott Anderson called the meeting to order at 7:10 P.M. at the home of John Ison.

Members Present: Scott Anderson, Ann Webbink, John Ison, Jennace Linton and  Jeff Hays

Members Absent: Paul Kane and Max Mitchell

Approval of Minutes: The minutes from the November 12, 2012 board meeting were approved.

Treasurer’s Report: Ann passed out the treasurer’s report. Printing costs are higher than usual due to an additional mailing containing a copy of the sheriff’s letter concerning a burglary report and precautions that homeowners should take. This year there seemed to be more unpaid dues than usual. Liens will be filed on these properties except for Adams and Kelly since it is expected that those properties will be in foreclosure soon. Ann suggested the expenditure report for the Fiscal year 2012 be published in the upcoming newsletter. Those present felt it would be a good practice to publish it as well as continue to print expenditure reports on a yearly basis in the spring newsletter. This will help inform homeowners about where the money from dues is being spent. Ann said since she is turning over her reports to the incoming Treasurer, files more than 7 years old will be discarded. The board accepted the treasurer’s report.   

President’s Report: Scott updated us on several emails and complaints from homeowners. Last meeting, a complaint came from a homeowner about the neighbor’s dogs. They are constantly barking as well as causing odor from feces. Since it might fall under the “nuisance” covenant, Scott sent a letter to the owner of offending residence and they indicated that they would make attempts to control the situation. 

A woman from the River Knoll area said that she spotted a fox prowling the area and wanted to know if there was anything that could be done. Scott told her to call animal control if she desired, however the association will not get involved in that. 

There have been a few inquiries for Beacon Lamps. Our inventory is depleted. Rather than buy additional lamps, we will just let people know where and how they can purchase them.

Scott reminded us that the Illinois Marathon will going through our area on be April 27th. Keith sent John Ison a letter stating that the Illinois Marathon committee has asked that homeowners and persons visiting Stoneybrook Dr. on the day of the Marathon, please comply with the volunteers at intersections within the Marathon route. It is suggested that traffic flow in the same direction as the runners which would mean reaching Stonybrook Dr. by turning south from Kirby onto Maynard Dr. and leaving Stoneybrook Dr. by going south on Duncan Road. Jeff will put this in the newsletter. 


Old Business: 
Scott sent Vern a letter requesting that he re-submit his bill since there were some double charges. It was pared down to $1,452.05.  Scott indicated to Vern that the bill would be paid if the ownership of the domain site was relinquished to us. Vern continues to indicate that transfer of domain ownership is difficult. Thus, Scott has handed this problem over to Paul Kane to remove Vern from our management and find a way get control of our home owners website. Jennace indicated that a local man, Wes Cravens, is developing software programs for homeowner associations and also assists with their management. She will send Paul the information and contacts.

John elaborated on the tree replacement program we are currently putting in place. Most of the reaction has been positive however a few comments questioned why dues should help subsidize an individual resident’s landscape. The township will take out a diseased tree or a tree causing sidewalk damage but will not replace trees. There are several trees being removed every year especially Ash trees. The board feels that by offering this incentive, the money spent to acquire more trees in the area adds to the value and beauty of the neighborhoods. Country Arbors will give a 30% discount for the trees. It was moved and seconded that: During each fiscal year, LFHA board members will identify 20 homeowners who shall be reimbursed $100 each after the purchase of and planting of an approved tree in the homeowner’s tree lawn. Motion passed. John will spearhead the program by checking in with Keith and selecting appropriate trees. He will formulate and accept “application forms.” The forms will be available in the newsletter and at the annual meeting. 

Scott reported that since the last proposal to bring electric to the entrance sign was so steep, he called A & R Electric to get a proposal. To reduce the cost, A & R suggested that they bring the line from the sign and tie into the homeowner’s box. LFHA would then reimburse the homeowner for electrical use. Consensus indicated that this was not desirable. Since Max was absent, Scott will contact him for updates on permission for putting an entrance sign on Duncan and Stoneybrook. 

A number of areas have been identified as lacking sidewalks. If sidewalks were to be added, the county would do the work for $60 a linear foot. Scott approached the Club about engaging in this project together, however, they were resistant. We might consider seeking permission to put sidewalks on the easement and assume the full cost. Jeff will continue to look into this. 

In follow up to the homeowner at 1702 Byrnebruk who contacted the association about the storm drain backing up, Scott told him that in checking it out on the original plat, the association is not financially responsible for the flooding problems. 

It was felt that the neighborhood garage sale was a success last year and something we might want to consider each year. Jeff will not be around to assist. John will be in charge of signs and advertising. Two possible dates are June 1st and June 8th. Jennace will check with neighbors in her area since they hold a yearly garage sale at about the same time. 

New Business: 
Jeff asked for items that needed to be put in the upcoming newsletter. These included: proxy, financial report, tree program, sidewalks, website not working, email contacts for each homeowner, and garage sale. 

We are still in need of two people to nominate for treasurer and secretary board positions. Scott will recruit Kathy Keller. Ann suggested that perhaps Bob Fredericks might like to serve again now that he is retired. Max should be contacted to see if he has any suggestions. Board members will follow through via email in order to put together a slate prior to the annual meeting. 

Annual meeting date set for May 7, 2013. “Meet and greet” and snacks will start at 6:30 P.M. followed by the meeting at 7:00 P.M. Scott with make arrangements with the Club. 

Adjournment: Meeting adjourned 8:45 P.M. Next board meeting will follow the annual meeting on May 7th at Lincolnshire Fields clubhouse. 

Respectfully submitted,

Jennace Linton
