---
layout: main
title: Minutes of the LFHA Board Meeting, November 5, 2007 
---

Location: Sue Schimmel's home, Champaign, Illinois

Members present: Jerry Benson, Robert Frederick, Sue Schimmel, Ann
Webbink, Kathy Barton, Greg Thom, Jennace Linton

Call to order: The call to order was given at 7:05 P. M.

Approval of the Minutes: The minutes of the August 6, 2007 meeting
were approved.

Treasurer's Report: 
  Ann handed out the current financial report. A 3 month CD just
came due so that interest is not reflected in this report handed
out. Ann stated that due to the healthy financial condition, if we
decided NOT to collect dues next year, we will probably be fine. A
letter will go out this year to those who have not paid dues. It
will indicate that payment has not been received and is due by Dec.
31st plus a $10 late fee. Ann passed out a budget. The Wells Fargo
insurance covers insurance for the commons and Board of Directors.
The treasurer's report was accepted. Copy of budget and report are
attached to the secretary's report. Ann requested that a check be
written for stamps.

President's Report: 
  Bob sent a letter to Bentbrook Condominium Assn concerning the
lampwork. The bill has been paid and we are still in need of the
release which Bob will look into.

  A few calls have been received about people parking on the street
and neighbor messes. It is difficult to control the cars on the
street. The people have been sent a letter about the situations that
were reported.

  A letter was received by a resident and copied to the club manager
of Lincolnshire Fields Country Club requesting the entrance to the
Lincolnshire Fields sub-division at Kirby and Cobblefield receive
grooming. See new business.

  The Greens Condo Association asked to talk to Jerry about
membership. They discussed a reduction because they are a condo and
not many lots. They did agree to pay the fee as long as it was one
payment and not separated into lots.

  The Turnberry Ridge Condo association may dissolve.

  Jerry gave us a new member list with names addresses and emails.
We made corrections and a new list will come at the next meeting.

Old Business:

  Sign removal completed and bill was submitted for both the sign
post removal and clean up around Stoneybrook and Duncan. 

  On the CSW MTD things are moving along. Judge will be writing a
finding soon. Taxes were not protested because everyone individually
has to protest their own. We should hear more details by the
February meeting.

  Bob was not able to complete a south Commons walk through this
fall. When weather permits, Bob will set that up with he, Steve,
Lila Jean Eichleberger, and Jennace Linton to do the walk through
and see if one of the two areas closed off could be opened by
removal of some trees.

  It was reported that Vern has the website up and running. Looks
good. Board members are encouraged to take a look at it.
www.lincolnshirefields.org

New Business:
  Board members leaving next year include Greg and Sue. Possible
considerations might be: Bob Todd (for Greg's spot), Paul Beck,
Cheryl Rushing, Will Romelt, Beth Nelson (from the Far Hills area).
Jerry does not want to be president next year. Officers change in
May and Vice President will be open also.

  We see a problem with not everyone's yard being illuminated. It
was suggested that we send postcards or flyers to the yards where
there is no light. For now, we are to make note on where the
problems are and we will discuss it further if there seems to be a
large problem.

  There was discussion about what could be done around the sign area
of Kirby and Cobblefield. There is money available, however, no one
wants to see anything planted that requires continual maintenance.
It was decided that Sue will contact Lowel to see if he wants a
project that would include clean up of the area by weeding, pruning,
mowing and perhaps some kind of low maintenance bush or shrubs could
be planted.

  Ann said that in the past, we have not collected dues for eighty
lots. She indicated that one homeowner has 2 lots and one payment
has been requested from them not two. We agreed that was correct.

  It was noted that there seems to be some illegal dumping in the
creek. If it continues, it was decided that perhaps the Phinney
Branch drainage district should be contacted about the matter.

New Board Meeting: February 13th, 7:00 P.M. at Jerry Benson's home.

Adjournment: Meeting was at 8:30 A.M.

Respectfully submitted,
Jennace Linton, Secretary
