---
layout: main
title: Minutes of the LFHA Board Meeting, August 4, 2008
---

Location: Original Pancake House

Members Present: Bob Todd,  Robert Frederick, Ann Webbink, Jeanne
Martin, Jerry Benson, Kathy Barton, Jennace Linton

Members absent: none

Call to order: The call to order was given at 8:10 A.M. 

Approval of Minutes: The May 20, 2008 minutes were approved. 

President's Report: 
      Bob report on some questions and concerns related to him by
members: 
*There have been complaints about flower  bed conditions, grass,
weeds, etc where homes are for sale and/or vacant. Board suggested
that Bob call those people making the complaints and indicate that
they should call the Real Estate company handling the property. 
*In a complaint, a camper being parked in the driveway of a home.
Since it is essentially a van with a high top, the Board suggested
taking no action on this issue since it is parked in the driveway
and not one the street. It was suggested that in the Fall
newsletter, owners should be reminded that there is not to be
extended parking on the street.  
* People called about trees that need to be trimmed. It is not the
* responsibility of LFHA to trim trees in question. It can be put
* into the newsletter to remind people to trim their trees so people
* walking the area are free of branches. 

Bob thought the covenants should be posted on the web. Jerry said
that he would get a disk to Vern who will put them on the web. There
was a question as to what Vern was charging for web work. Ann said
she thought his bill last year was $70 and that included an annual
fee from ORG. 

Treasurer's Report: Ann handed out the current financial report. Ann
noted that lien fees where higher than usual. (details under old
business) The new CD is at 3.1% for 7 months. Balance of the money
will stay in the checking account for now

The Glenshire Association has been dissolved because it was annexed
into the city. The light needs to be re-assigned because it is on
their property and we should therefore not be paying the bill. Ann
will look into this. 

Ann indicated that Realtors should call when they sell a house in
Lincolnshire Fields subdivision. She asked that this info be put in
the newsletter to alert home owners of their responsibility to
advise Ann of a home changing ownership. 

Ann indicated that the sloped grass area (across from Fire Station)
on Windsor/North Staley needs to be mowed. Perhaps Dave at the
county office should be called to see if they will maintain it. 

Bob's name needs to go onto the checks. Ann and Bob will take care
of that matter. 

Ann asked the board for their input on how some dues are being
collected on property that is undeveloped or two lots with one
structure.  Currently, lots that are undeveloped are not being
charged for dues. Board agreed to let that stand. Also, if a house
is on two lots, should the homeowner pay dues for one structure on
the two lots, or be charged double, essentially making it separate
dues for each lot? Board agreed one charge for the structure
occupying the two lots. 

Old Business: 
As Ann indicated in the treasurer's report, the lien fees were
higher this year. The reason being is that 3 liens were filed this
time. One was filed incorrectly the first time given that the
treasurer was given some incorrect information so it had to be
re-filed.

Discussion of the Southeast Commons issues continued. Bob Fredericks
and the Commons Committee recently toured the SE Commons. After the
walk-through, Bob asked members for input. Committee members wrote
down their thoughts, which were then distributed to the LFHA board
members at the August meeting. Several letters from homeowners were
also distributed. Information was shared indicating that some of the
encroachments have been in place for 25 years or more, and some much
less. Discussion during the meeting focused on ways to rectify two
categories of issues: easily moved non-conforming encroachments like
flowerbeds & birdbaths, and much more difficult to move
encroachments such as fences & pools. Comments addressed concerns of
the affects on neighbor relations caused by forcing removal, on
properties with pools needing fences for insurance and liability, on
legal battles that could ensue following Board action to force an
end to encroachments, and on the added expense to the LFHA should SE
Commons homeowners respond to Board action by terminating
maintenance activities, including lawn mowing. Also discussed was
the possibility of grandfathering-in some or all non-conforming
encroachments, and by obtaining in return documents signed (by the
affected homeowners) that would free LFHA from liability exposure in
those areas. 

A related discussion took place regarding the vehicular traffic onto
the SE commons, traffic that has increased in recent years. It was
suggested that a set of regulations be formulated for use of the
commons that might include how future plantings, encroachments,
vehicular traffic and commons activities should be addressed. 

Additionally, a fire pit on the SE commons was discussed. One
homeowner wrote a letter complainingabout the smoke and safety
hazard from the fire pit. Another homeowner voiced a complaint to a
Board member about those same concerns. It was decided that since it
is a safety issue and perhaps an insurance issue, Bob should write a
letter to the SE commons residents to indicate that because health
and safety issues were involved and that permission had not been
granted to erect a fire pit, that the burning in the fire pit should
be discontinued and the fire pit be removed. 

It was recommended that the commons committee come back to the LFHA
board with some proposals so that a resolution of issues affecting
the SE commons could be reached at the November board meeting.

New Business: 
Bob should send a letter to Steve Johnson about the possibility of
Lincolnshire Condo Association's desire to become a part of the
LFHA. 

Dates for yard waste pick up were discussed. Since Thanksgiving is
late this year and some people mentioned doing pick up before the
holiday, this year's date will be Nov. 24th.

Next Board Meeting: November 3rd, 7:00 P.M. Ann Webbink, 3909
Farhills. Champaign
Adjournment: 9:30 A.M.
