LINCOLNSHIRE FIELDS HOMEOWNERS ASSOCIATION
MINUTES OF THE ANNUAL MEETING, MAY 20, 2008

The annual meeting of the Lincolnshire Fields Homeowners Association
(LFHA) was 
held at Lincolnshire Fields Country Club, 2000 Byrunbruk, Champaign,
IL on May 20, 
2008 at 7:00 P.M.

Board Members Present:
  Greg Thom, Sue Schimmel, Ann Webbink, Robert Frederick, Jennace
Linton

Board Members Absent:
  Jerry Benson, Kathy Barton

Call to Order:
  President Jerry Benson was absent so VP, Greg Thom called the
meeting to order 
at 7:05 P.M.  

Approval of the May 15, 2007 Annual meeting minutes:
  Copies of the minutes were distributed to the 19 attendees before
the meeting 
started.  A motion was made and passed to accept the minutes.

Treasurer's Report:
  Ann Webbink presented report for the last  three fiscal years.
She noted that the 
Association is in good financial shape and probably no need to
collect assessments next 
year.   Two liens will be filed. In response to a question, Ann
explained the costs of liens 
and the procedure. Ameren  bill was higher but insurance bill going
down. Two homes 
were sold this year. Twelve homes last year. A motion was made and
passed to accept the 
treasurer's report. 

Election of New Board Members:
  Greg Thom stated the he and Sue Schimmel's three year terms were
now expired. 
He made a motion to nominate Bob Todd and Jeanne Martin as new Board
members.  No 
other nominations being made, a motion was made to accept the two
nominees as new 
members of the Board.  Motion carried.

Presidents Report:
  Greg Thom reported that we now have a website for Lincolnshire
Fields 
Homeowners Association. There is a slight problem with some of the
board members not 
getting email through the link. This will be worked on. All
covenants are not on it yet but 
should be soon. 
  The board has been working on beautifying the area around the
entrance sign to 
the subdivision (on Cobblestone). They have agreed that it needs to
be maintained; 
however at this time, it is on private property. Bob Fredericks is
trying to get a release to 
allow us to maintain the sign.  
Bentbrook Condo Association had a light problem at Staley and
Bentbrook.  The 
light was removed but in the process a sprinkler was damaged. A
settlement was 
arranged. 
  Bob Fredericks was asked to explain the Commons situation. There
are two 
commons-the SE and NE. On the NE commons, encroachments have been
cured. On the 
SE Commons, there are 3 entrances but 2 of the entrances seem to be
blocked. Only 
construction trucks can go in 1 of the 3 entrances. The board has
been working with the 
encroachment issue since 2006. A letter will go out soon to those
who have property on 
this common area to let them know that a walk through will take
place. Bob reported that 
the board will try to be fair in working with people.   

Champaign Township Road Commissioner Report:
  Dave McGath was represented by a trustee from the Road Commission.
She 
reported the Spring yard waste pickup was utilized by a record
number of homeowners 
this year. Ann Webbick asked whose responsibility was the ditched
area across from the 
fire station of Fields South and Staley. This was not able to be
answered. 

New Business:
  It was reported that there seems to be a larger than normal number
of burglaries in 
the Lincolnshire Fields area this past spring. They did catch
someone but too early to tell 
if it is the person responsibility for the majority of the
incidents. Reported incidents 
included break-ins to cars, garages, use of a truck to haul away
large items and electronic 
equipment, and cut phone lines to disable the phone lines. 
  It was noted by an attendee that it would be nice if more
recycling could be done 
and some of the hauling companies provide little or no recycle
service. It was suggested 
that residents might call around and choose a company that would
support more 
recycling. The next newsletter can alert residents that various
companies have different 
policies on what they will and will not pick up and perhaps the
homeowner would like to 
review this with their hauler to consider a service that does more
recycling. 
  Dom Skaperdas reported a dead tree on the West side of the SE
commons and it 
should be looked at and considered for removal.  He also reported a
large number of 
rabbits that seem to be eating many of the plants and flowers around
homes. Although the 
association is unable to do anything about it, he expressed his
anguish at the large 
population of the flower munching pests. 

Adjournment:  The annual meeting was adjourned at 7:40 P.M. 


            Respectfully submitted,
            Jennace Linton, Secretary

__________________________________________________________________________________
__________________________________________________________________________________


Minutes of the LFHA Board Meeting, May 20, 2008

Location: Lincolnshire Fields Country Club,  Champaign, Illinois

Members present:  Robert Frederick, Ann Webbink, Bob Todd, Jeanne
Martin, Jennace Linton

Members absent: Kathy Barton and Jerry Benson

Call to order: The call to order was given at 7:45 P. M. 

Approval of the Minutes: The February 13, 2008 minutes were
approved. An addendum about changes 
made in the previously approved Cobblefield sign landscaping was
done via email during April. 

Treasurer's Report: 
  Ann handed out the current financial report.  Ann noted that when
a CD comes due in July, it will be 
rolled over but will be at a much lower rate. The treasurer's report
was accepted. 

New Business: 
  Officers for next year were nominated and approved. 
    President: Bob Todd, 
    Vice President: Bob Frederick
    Secretary: Jennace Linton
    Treasurer: Ann Webbink
    Kathy Barton will be in charge of the newsletter

President's Report: 
  Since this was Bob's first meeting, no report was given. 

Old Business: 

  Ann will file two liens-against Richard Bowlin and Jack Hayes. 

Bob will set a walk through of the S.E commons with he, Steve, Lila
Jean Eichleberger, and Jennace 
Linton in May or early June. 

New Business: 
  There was a short discussion about what the costs might be to
purchase signs for the entrances to the 
subdivision, do landscaping, and upkeep. That might be looked into
in the future since the association 
has some money available. 

  A suggestion was brought up that perhaps there could be a way to
recognize homeowners for the repairs, 
beautification and improvements being made to some of the homes in
the subdivision. A suggestion was 
made to nominate people for these renovations and put their names on
the web site or in the newsletter. 
Formal discussion of this will continue at another board meeting. 

  Next Board Meeting: August 4th , 8:00 A.M. at Original Pancake
House.

Adjournment: 8:00 P.M

Respectfully submitted,
Jennace Linton, Secretary
