Minutes of the LFHA Board Meeting Tuesday, November 10, 2009

Call to order:  President Bob Todd called the meeting to order at
7:10 p.m.

Members Present:  Bob Todd; Scott Anderson; Ann Webbink; Kathy
Barton; Jerry Benson

Members Absent:  Jennace Linton; Jeanne Martin

Approval of Minutes:  The minutes of the August 11, 2009 meeting
were approved.

President’s Report: Bob Todd said that Keith Padgett, the Township
Road Commissioner, reported that 175 stops had been made for the
first fall yard waste pick-up on October 26, 2009.  The cost is
$7.50 per stop.  The second fall pick-up is scheduled for the Monday
before Thanksgiving, Monday, November 23, 2009 (Tuesday, November 24
if needed).  Keith has asked that homeowners do not rake leaves into
the street.  That clogs the drains for the storm sewers, and the
drains must be kept clear for the rainwater to flow properly.  An
item will be put in the newsletter to notify homeowners about this.
The response to the pick-up service has been very positive.  

As a related item, Kathy Barton brought up a concern that Jennace
Linton had about a neighbor on Valleybrook who is burning leaves on
the asphalt paving of the road.  The county allows burning, but the
concern is that it will do damage to the road itself.  Bob said he
would ask Keith what he thinks and if there is a problem, the
homeowner will be asked to stop burning in that location. 

Bob noted that three board members will be going off the board this
year (Kathy Barton; Jerry Benson; Jennace Linton) and asked that we
bring names of interested people who would like to serve.  The names
should be submitted at the next meeting in February.  New members
are voted on at the May general meeting.

Treasurer’s Report:  Ann Webbink presented her report.  She also
shared a draft of the letter she plans to send out to those who have
not paid their $25 assessment, which includes notification that they
owe an additional $10 as a late fee.  Members made one minor
alteration and approved the letter.  Ann said that Vern Magnuson had
called her about the possibility of putting everyone on the website,
but it was agreed that the board would not be pursuing that at this
time.  Ann is having difficulty with real estate agents who do not
let her know about sales and the identity of new owners.  At the
next meeting, Ann will present a form for approval to provide a
solution to this problem. Ann asked for information on a few sales
transactions.  A motion was made, seconded, and passed to reimburse
the treasurer for $298.20 for Kinko’s and stamps.  A motion was
made, seconded, and passed to approve the Treasurer’s Report.

Old Business:  Commons.  Bob and Scott worked on a letter that was
sent to residents who live on the northeast and southeast commons.
This included an attachment that contained the “policy governing the
management and use of these common areas in the future.”  No
complaints were received.

Street Light Transfer:  Ann said in her report that she didn’t see
any difference in the charges.  Bob will pursue the matter and give
an update at the next meeting.

Entrance Sign:  Progress was being made, but because there are
changes going on with the property description, this matter has been
postponed.  

Web site:  All the covenants have been put on the web site.  “Thank
You” to Jeff Hays for volunteering to do the scanning.

New Business:  Jennace had these items to report:  Only one person
responded to the newsletter item about a social gathering, so that
seems to be dead at this time.  It was suggested that we discuss it
at the annual meeting in May to see if there is any interest.

Decision on posting minutes of the board meetings:  Regular board
meeting minutes should be posted on the Web site after they have
been approved.  That happens four times a year.  On the annual
homeowners’ meeting in May:  those minutes would be sent to the
board members via email, then posted on the web as an UNAPPROVED
COPY OF THE MINUTES.  (They would not be approved until the annual
meeting the following year.) The secretary would communicate minutes
to Vern Magnuson who maintains the Web site.

Jennace also asked that corrections be made on the Board Member
Profile.  It was passed around to members and will be returned to
the Jennace.

Scott:  A homeowner asked him a question about fences, and he
directed him to Dan Halbeck of the Architectural Review Committee.  

Jerry:  Some people are concerned about the condition of sidewalks.
Bob will ask the township if they are still making repairs.  People
are also concerned that in a few places, cars and other vehicles are
parked in such a way that they are blocking sidewalk access.  An
item about this will be put in the next newsletter.

Next Board Meeting:  The next board meeting will be on Tuesday,
February 9, 2010, at  Scott Anderson’s home, 4010 Club House Drive,
Champaign, at 7:00 p.m.

Adjournment:  The meeting was adjourned at 8:12 p.m.

Respectfully submitted,

Kathy Barton for Jennace Linton
