---
layout: main
title: Minutes of the LFHA Board Meeting Monday, May 18, 2010
---

Call to order:  President Bob Todd called the meeting to order at
8:00 p.m. at Lincolnshire Fields Country Club Clubhouse.

Members Present:  Bob Todd; Scott Anderson; Ann Webbink, Jeanne
Martin, John Ison, Jeff Hays

Members Absent: Jennace Linton

Approval of Minutes:  The minutes of the February 9, 2010 meeting
were approved.

President’s Report: Bob Todd reported that everything he had to
report was covered in the annual meeting so that he would not repeat
everything at this quarterly meeting. 

Treasurer’s Report:  Ann Webbink indicated that in addition to the
quarterly report she presented at the annual meeting, she had filed
2 liens. The  report was approved. 

Old Business: 
None

New Business: 

Election of New Board Members: John Ison and Jeff Hays were elected
at the annual meeting to replace outgoing Jerry Benson and Kathy
Barton. Jennace Linton was re-elected for an additional 3 year term.
New officers were elected: Scott Anderson, President;  John Ison,
Vice President; Anne Webbink to remain Treasurer; Jennace Linton to
remain Secretary; Jeff Hays, Newsletter (with assistance from his
wife).

Misc. Business: 
Scott talked about a gathering in June for social time and to honor
those leaving the board. No date was set. 

Jeanne mentioned that Keith Padgett seems to be a very dedicated
employee. He is easy to work with when there is a concern and she is
grateful for having such a reliable person in that position. 

Next Board Meeting:  The next board meeting will be on Tuesday,
August 10, 2010, at 7:00 A.M at the Original Pancake House. 

Adjournment:  The meeting was adjourned at 8:30 p.m.

Respectfully submitted,
Jeanne Martin/Jennace Linton
