For Example:   LINCOLNSHIRE FIELDS NORTH Protective
Covenants:  Section: Covenants;2b;(1)-(5)

b. Powers:  It is the purpose of Architectural Control to promote
the residential development of Lincolnshire Fields North
subdivision, and to enhance property values therein; therefore, the
Architectural Control Committee shall have the right and power to
reject approval of plans submitted if they do not, in the
committee's opinion, benefit and enhance the residential development
of the area; such approval, however, shall not be unreasonably
withheld.

  The Architectural Committee shall have the power to reduce
side-yard requirements by not more than twenty-five percent (25%) of
the required side-yard and to reduce the front and rear yard
requirements by not more than ten percent (10%) of the applicable
required front or rear yard; the Committee shall have the further
power to reduce minimum dwelling size requirements where the size,
shape, and location of the lot warrants such variance in the opinion
of the Architectural Committee.

    (1) Building Plats, etc.:  No building, dwelling, fence, or
other structure or excavation shall be erected, constructed, altered
or maintained upon, under or above or moved upon any part of said
subdivision unless the plans and specifications thereof, showing the
proposed construction, nature, kind, shape, height, material, and
color scheme thereof, and building elevations, and a plot plan
showing lot lines, boundaries of the building site, distance from
the boundaries of the bui1ding site to, the buildings and the
grading plan of the building site shall have been submitted to and
approved by the Architectural Committee, and until a copy of such
plans and specifications, plot plan and grading plan, as finally
approved, is deposited for permanent record with the Architectural
Committee.

    (2) Approval by Architectural Committee:  The Architectural
Committee shall, upon request, and after satisfactory completion of
improvements, issue its certificate of completion. If the Committee
fails to approve or reject any plan or matter requiring approval
within thirty (30) days after plans or specifications have been
submitted to it, or in any event if no suit to enjoin construction
has been commenced prior to the completion thereof, approval shall
be conclusively presumed and the related covenants shall be deemed
to have been fully complied with.

    (3) Right of Inspection:  During any construction or alteration
required to be approved by the Architectural Committee, any member
of the Architectural Committee, or any agent of such Committee,
shall have the right to enter upon and inspect, during reasonable
hours, any building site embraced within said Subdivision and the
improvements thereon, for the purpose of ascertaining whether or not
the provisions herein set forth have been and are being fully
complied with and shall not be deemed guilty of trespass by reason
thereof.

    (4) Waiver of Liability:  The approval by the Architectural
Committee of any plans and specifications, plot plan, grading, or
other plan or matter requiring approval as herein provided, shall
not be deemed to be a waiver by the said Committee of its right to
withhold approval as to similar other features or elements embodied
therein when subsequently submitted for approval in connection with
the same building site or any other building site. Neither the said
Committee nor any member thereof, nor the present owner of said real
estate, shall be in any way responsible or liable for the loss or
damage, for any error or defect which may or may not be shown on any
plans and specifications or on any plot or grading plan, or planting
or other plan, or any building or structure or work done in
accordance with any other matter, whether or not the same has been
approved by the said Committee or any member thereof, or the present
owner of said real estate.

    (5) Constructive Evidence of Action by Architectural Committee:
Any title company or person certifying, guaranteeing, or insuring
title to any building site, lot or parcel in such Subdivision, or
any lien thereon or interest therein, shall be fully justified in
relying upon the contents of the certificate signed by any member of
the Architectural Committee and such certificate shall fully protect
any purchaser or encumbrancer in good faith in acting thereon.
