Important Dates and Reminders

Fall Yard Waste Pickups:  Monday, October 22nd (rain date October
23rd) and Monday, November 19th (rain date November 20th). Please
have all yard waste in paper bags or tied in 3-4 foot bundles placed
curbside by 7 am Monday. Yard waste includes leaves, twigs, small
branches, dead plants, or other organic matter from your yard but
does NOT include grass clippings. Anything other than yard waste
will not be picked up. This is a service provided by LFHA in
conjunction with the Champaign Township Road Department.

Township Road Commissioner, Keith Padgett, mentioned homeowners can
drop off dry, burnable yard waste to the Township Highway Dept.,
located near the Township Hall at the end of Kearns Road off Staley
Road, 7 am to 3:30 pm, Monday thru Friday. There is no dumping fee.


WHAT A JOY IT IS! 

What a joy it is to live in our subdivisions. Our golf course
neighborhoods have mature trees, meandering streets with a great
variety of residential architecture and vast expanses of open space
from the fairways and lakes. Our residents are often seen out
walking, biking, or running. Our neighbors take pride in their
homes, yards and gardens. Many have been remodeling, rebuilding and
re-landscaping. Sometimes its good to just drink it in. We have
included some pictures taken in our subdivisions on August 27, 2011. 


FRIENDLY REMINDERS 
● Be a good neighbor, do not park automobiles, trucks, trailers,
etc. on the street. 
● Be a good neighbor, keep your yard light illuminated. 
● Be a good neighbor, when walking with your dog, please clean up. 
● Be a good neighbor, keep sidewalks clear of trees, shrubs and
plantings for our walkers. 
● Be a good neighbor, keep your walks clear of snow and ice after
any winter storms.


                            Miscellaneous Musings from your Board
                            
● The most important item your board has been working on is the
proposed change to the by-laws which would give the Board the
flexibility to collect dues not to exceed $50 a year. As you know,
our By-laws have never been changed since the inception of our
sub-divisions, which meant that we were only able to collect $25 per
year. To change the By-laws, we needed 80% approval or 352 yes votes
from the homeowner members. This past weekend we reached the 354
mark so the Board will now have the flexibility to levy slightly
higher dues if needed. Accordingly, our Treasurer will be sending
out the annual dues letter shortly for $30 for 2013. Please pay your
dues promptly as you have done in the past. 
● One thing that distinguishes our area from the newer subdivisions
is the presence of mature trees that play a major role in giving our
area an established look. Recently, many of the older trees have
fallen victim to disease or similar maladies or have been removed
because the roots were causing damage to the sidewalks and roadways.
The Board of Directors is considering developing a cost-sharing
program to encourage homeowners to plant new trees to insure our
area retains its ambiance into the future. We welcome comments and
ideas from residents about how we might best ensure that
Lincolnshire Fields remains special. Please contact any board
member. 
● Reminder: Please do not burn or rake leaves in the street as this
practice can damage the streets and the Township street sweeper
equipment. The Champaign Township Road Department accepts yard waste
7 am to 3:30 pm, Monday thru Friday. This does not include grass
clippings; please do not leave yard waste at the gate during other
times. 
● Reminder: Yard Waste Program. It is very difficult to implement
the disposal of yard waste if the bags are soaked. They are
difficult to load and if they will not burn, they have to be hauled
away. This unnecessarily raises our costs of disposal so please
protect the bags with tarps or in your garage until the designated
pick up days. 
● The Board sends our thanks to Jeanne Martin and Sharon Dill for
continuing to keep the plantings at the entrance on Cobblefield
Drive attractive despite the challenges our weather presented this
summer. Good job ladies! 
● Ann Webbink, our Treasurer's term expires in May 2013 and anyone
interested in serving on the Board and specifically acting as
Treasurer should contact a Board member to discuss this opportunity. 
● 911 Beacon Lamps. The Board still has a small supply of 911 Beacon
lamps. These lamps are designed to be used in the typical house,
porch and yard light fixtures. It operates like a regular 60 watt
incandescent lamp in normal use. But, if you have an emergency at
your home, you can turn the lamp off and on three times and the lamp
will begin flashing--making it easier for police, fire, and
ambulance responders to quickly identify the residence where help is
needed. 
       The lamps are guaranteed to last for 2000 hours of normal
use. They are available at our cost to homeowners at $12.00 each. If
you are interested in buying some, please send in the order form
made a part of this newsletter with your payment, or contact our
Treasurer Ann Webbink.
